Title Synopsis Outcomes GEN5010 This unit will explore the latest approaches and techniques for the genetic manipulation of organisms and their applications in contemporary biotechnology. Students will gain hands on experience in advanced molecular genetic techniques used to study and manipulate gene function and for generating a range of different transgenic organisms, including microbes, plants and animals. The application of these techniques in biotechnology will be demonstrated using a range of examples such as: bioremediation, bioprospecting, crop modification, disease modelling, gene drives, phage therapy, nanotechnology and assisted reproduction. Students will also gain appreciation of relevant ethical and regulatory considerations and of impacts of genetic biotechnology on society. ['Demonstrate and apply knowledge of contemporary areas of molecular genetics and biotechnology, and the challenges faced;', 'Illustrate and explain how transgenic organisms are produced via genome manipulation across a range of species;', 'Source, synthesise and critically analyse literature to form the basis of a project;', 'Independently design and implement experimental approaches to solve a research problem in genetics and biotechnology;', 'Demonstrate proficiency in molecular genetics laboratory techniques,\nin problem-solving and experimental design, and in data collection, analysis, interpretation and presentation;', 'Convey to a non-specialist audience the relevance and value of genetics and biotechnology to human society.'] GEN3990 This unit provides the opportunity for high-achieving students to undertake an individual research project in Genetics with an academic supervisor. It includes a critical literature review, experimental design and data analysis. The student must maintain regular contact with supervisor(s) and subject coordinator. ['Comprehend the fundamental process and requirements of scientific research;', 'Review and critically evaluate the scientific literature within a relevant discipline;', 'Demonstrate skills in experimental design, data collection and statistical analysis;', 'Interpret experimental results, and place the results in the broader context of the research discipline;', 'Communicate scientific findings and their implications, via oral presentations and written reports.'] APG5400 This subject explores key issues arising from the rapid change, development and growth in international communications. It examines the impact of globalisation and shifts in production, distribution and consumption in international communications. Students will consider power and disadvantage; cultural flows and exchange; development communication; cross-cultural communication; international advertising and public relations; diasporic cultures; and legal and ethical issues in international communications. Examples will be drawn from many different countries, including case studies of communications and media in Asia, Europe, North America and the Middle East. ['have a sound understanding of globalisation as it affects communications and media industries;', 'be able to analyse global media and the policies which affect them;', 'be aware of the potentials and problems of cross-cultural communication and of the major theories which have been developed to explain them;', 'understand changing modes of reception by global audiences, together with the implications of these processes for national and personal identity;', 'be aware of the major legal and ethical challenges thrown up by the globalisation of communications and media;', 'demonstrate an enhanced ability to conduct independent research.'] PGW5205 This is a one week unit conducted on-campus. This program includes clinical observation in Melbourne metropolitan wound clinics and a series of presentations and workshops on specific practical wound skills including vascular assessment, measurement of ankle-brachial pressure index (ABPI) using Doppler, debridement of wounds, compression bandaging, offloading pressure and dressing product selection. ['Critically appraise the role of the multidisciplinary team within the wound care setting.', 'Integrate advanced knowledge, problem solving and current best evidence in formulating wound management plans.', 'Develop and implement a multi-disciplinary approach in the management of a patient with a wound.', 'Reflect critically on wound care management practices.', 'Communicate effectively with peers and patients on wound care related issues.']LAW4122 Topics include: theory of international law; the place of States in international law, including their rights, obligations, status and jurisdiction; the sources of international law and how they are interpreted and applied; the implementation of international law by states, in particular Australia's approach; the nature of international disputes and their resolution; the law related to the use of force by States and self-defence; the role of international institutions; the role of individuals in international law; and specific areas of public international law, including the law of the sea and environmental law. ['Critically examine the fundamental principles of international law; the theoretical framework of international law and its relationship with domestic law; the crucial role of States, international institutions and individuals in the international legal system;', 'Analyse and interpret international law, taking into account the complexities involved in interpreting and applying its sources; and the political context and nature of international law.', 'Compare and contrast some of the different areas of international law; how Australia interprets and applies international law in relation to its own legal framework; the use of force and self-defence in international law; and international dispute resolution;', 'Communicate effectively, appropriately and persuasively on issues pertaining to International Law; and', 'Reflect on and assess their own capabilities and performance, and make use of feedback as appropriate, to support personal and professional development.'] ATS2060 This unit introduces students to the art of teaching music performance, examining Australian curricula and the role of the music teacher in the advocacy of music education. Focusing on classroom and instrumental teaching, the unit examines and analyses various approaches to teaching instrumental music, both traditionally and creatively focused. ['Understand the main policies and debates surrounding music education in Australia;', 'Articulate the main methodologies of classroom, ensemble and individual instrumental and vocal teaching;', 'Critically evaluate the similarities and differences in music education practices internationally;', 'Articulate a personal philosophy of music education.'] NUR5022 This unit has a strong focus on the theory and practice underpinning working with organizations, individuals, families, groups and communities. ['Analyse the meaning of health and the broad principles of public health', 'Discriminate between the concepts of helping and caring in nursing practice.', 'Recognise the elements of therapeutic communication with particular reference to working with people from diverse cultural backgrounds and age groups', 'Critically analyse the impact of cultural diversity on health and illness behaviour', 'Incorporate the issues of cultural safety and cultural competence within nursing practice.', 'Determine barriers associated with access to, and equity in health care particularly as they relate to Indigenous Australians and people in different vulnerable groups', 'Identify population health outcome indicators particularly as they relate to Indigenous Australian and people in different vulnerable groups', 'Engage in self-reflection as a beginning step towards person-centred nursing.']ATS2305 This unit examines the application of digital technologies (beyond textual analysis) in humanities research, covering the methods used to make data accessible, the analytic techniques which are thereby enabled, and the dissemination of research results through new modes of publication. The unit will be based on active learning and will enhance and consolidate students' academic and research abilities. It will also guide students to an understanding of the potential of applying new analytic tools to problems in various humanities disciplines and will stimulate team-work and collaboration, creating a pool of transferable skills that students can acquire and practice, and encouraging students to make productive links between theoretical ideas and practical applications. ['address research questions in the digital humanities which require non-textual data;', 'understand how non-textual data can be made accessible to analysis;', 'understand which analytic techniques are appropriate to particular kinds of data;', 'analyse project requirements and cooperate to complete a project;', 'use innovative means to communicate their subject knowledge and disciplinary approach to a wider public.'] ATS3012 Through an investigation into the key intellectual issues of a multi-disciplinary nature in post-Mao China, this unit will introduce students to a range of literary writings by a young generation of contemporary Chinese writers. Through various research projects students will explore a range of different representations of Chinese culture and society. ['a general knowledge of the social, political and cultural development that has characterised post-Mao China, Chinese society, its people and its culture (through examination of the historical contexts of a number of literary texts published in China after the 1980s)', 'an in-depth knowledge of changes that post-Mao reform has brought to intellectual trends in general and to literature in particular (through critical analysis of a range of literary works by a younger and unorthodox generation of Chinese writers who challenge traditional Chinese literary norms through their exploration of fundamental issues of humanism)', 'the ability to write and speak effectively in standard modern Chinese on a range of intellectual and literary issues, and basic analytical and critical skills required for academic research in Chinese Studies.'] BFF2401 This unit examines the major risks and issues faced by Australian financial institutions within the context of the global environment. Topics include an introduction to the Australian banking environment, bank performance, management of bank risks including credit, capital, liquidity and interest rate risk, loan pricing, liability management, investment management and capital adequacy. ['examine the main risks and related prudential requirements faced by banks and to assess factors to consider in managing these risks', 'appraise suitable qualitative and quantitative data or characteristics to assess bank performance', 'understand asset and liability management of a financial institution', 'understand non-market related and derivative contracts used by financial institutions', 'be able to sequence the Basel prudential framework as instigated within the Australian context, but emanating from the Basel Committee at the global level', 'be able to clearly and effectively communicate solutions, applying the knowledge in above areas, in a distinctly logical manner in relation to activities dealing with the commercial banking and finance and demonstrate in an individual summative assessment task the acquisition of a comprehensive understanding of the topics covered by BFF2401.']LAW4158 The legislative control, 'protection' and disempowerment experienced by indigenous Australians and the historical, comparative and contemporary contexts of their experiences in and with the Australian legal system. Laws and policies concerning identity, dispossession, protection and assimilation are examined. Over-representation of indigenous people within the criminal justice system, Deaths in Custody and stolen generations. Land rights, the Mabo and Wik cases, and the Native Title Act 1993 (Cth). Human rights and the role of international law, self determination, reconciliation and law reform. ['Define, interpret and reflect upon the common law, constitutional and statutory framework that has applied to indigenous peoples of Australia, and particularly of Victoria;', 'Identify, analyse and elucidate the relevant principles, laws and precedents and apply them to resolve issues relating to indigenous clients;', 'Critically assess policies and principles relating to Indigenous people in order to promote a fair justice system recognising past and present injustices', 'Demonstrate an advanced understanding of the intellectual and practical skills needed to interpret legal conclusions and professional decisions, as well as to identify, research, evaluate and synthesise relevant factual, legal and policy issues', 'Demonstrate an advanced understanding of the legal research and writing, and legal argument skills by undertaking systematic research into legal policy, rules, procedures and comparative perspectives relating to indigenous peoples and interests; and', 'Demonstrate developed skills of oral presentation of legal policy, rules and argument in an interactive learning context'] MGS3991 This interactive unit examines principles and practices of leadership which are vital for aspiring leaders of the future. Through a personal portfolio of leadership concepts, character and competencies, students develop their potential for growth as strategic leaders of 21st century organisations. Inspiring stories of leadership successes and failures from exemplary leaders of the past and present, will guide the student's leadership journey to find their own authentic voice. A plethora of cutting-edge leadership materials (research articles, movies and videos, case studies, role-plays, games and self-assessments) will also be featured weekly to enhance the learning experience. ['critically assess the strengths and weaknesses of major theories of organisational leadership', 'formulate a framework of leadership that would help students make sense of their current and future leadership experiences and discern critical lessons drawn', 'develop a higher self awareness of students own personalities, values, attitudes and styles, as well as strengths and weaknesses pertinent to their leadership aspirations', "construct a personal leadership philosophy outlining student's convictions on ethical and compassionate leadership, and its impact in real-world organisational contexts", 'analyse and synthesise crucial roles and positive impacts that managers and leaders can make to organisations and their stakeholders.'] MKF5955 Marketing activities undertaken by organisations; value exchange concepts and processes; the marketing concept from a strategic and applied perspective; development of corporate and marketing strategic plans; analysis of an organisation's SBUs, product strategies and product development; use of marketing decision making tools at an applied and strategic level; distribution, pricing and communication mix strategies; services marketing, individual and organisational buyer behaviour, marketing research and market analysis; marketing management, implementation and control processes and procedures with emphasis on international aspects of marketing and consumer behaviour. ['examine the concepts and theories of marketing and apply them to an international context', 'analyse, evaluate, and interpret complex and sometimes contradictory marketing phenomena in international context', 'apply the basic techniques and tools of marketing management to local and international environments', 'examine the scope and role of the marketing function and its relationship to organisational strategies and critically evaluate how functional marketing plans can be developed and implemented', 'compare and contrast various marketing theories and practices and develop recommendations for strategic action.']BTM5909 This unit is designed to develop postgraduate students' ethical reasoning regarding the behaviour and conduct of international business organisations. ['identify and examine significant ethical issues that arise in various international business contexts', 'apply different ethical theories to issues specific to human rights, environmental protection, marketing and advertising, human resource management and social accounting', 'critically evaluate the implications of applying different ethical theories to international business', 'identify and examine the role of the various stakeholders in upholding good global corporate governance practices', 'critically evaluate the impact of regulations and codes in corporate governance in various jurisdictions, especially in developed and developing countries.'] CHE2166 This unit will introduce the role and use of simulation tools in process design and develop knowledge of process simulation methods and approaches that can be used in a variety of chemical engineering design problems in a wide range of industries. The unit will also introduce concepts associated to utility systems, electricity generation and principles of sustainability including environmental, economic and social impact. The students will develop knowledge and skills through open-ended projects. ['Develop block flow diagrams and expand them into process flow diagrams via integration of open-ended design problem concepts to propose solutions for chemical engineering design problems.', 'Solve problems using the computer simulation package for chemical processes.', 'Integrate concepts of material and energy balances, unit operations and simulation methods and tools to solve complex design problems.', 'Demonstrate the application of sustainable development, resource and energy efficiency concepts and principles to solve problems in existing and new process designs.', 'Analyse the sustainability of chemical processes using the life cycle assessment methodology.', 'Work in teams and communicate their work effectively.'] ATS3820 Students will learn fundamental conducting techniques, including basic beat patterns. Students will be required to propose a program of works to be arranged and/or conducted for performance by an approved ensemble. Students will develop approaches to interpretation, and refine baton techniques specific to their program choice. ['Demonstrate skills and knowledge required to successfully create musical materials for a potentially disparate group of musicians.', 'Offer musical and artistic direction to a potentially disparate group of musicians to realise a successful performance.', 'Demonstrate intermediate skills in conducting, orchestration and ensemble management.'] APG5190 What does it take to get a job in journalism in Asia - and why is Hong Kong so vital to the global news industry? In this unit, students will travel to the Asian media capital to explore why this world city is the big draw for news companies from around the globe. ['demonstrate a sound understanding of the organisation and culture of Asian and international news outlets operating in Hong Kong;', 'demonstrate an advanced understanding of the concept of global journalism, and how the Hong Kong news hub transgresses and transcends the traditional domestic v. foreign news dichotomy;', 'demonstrate an ability to identify and research a media feature story and conduct primary interviews on location;', 'demonstrate an ability to write in a clear, concise, factual way using featureconventions;', 'take appropriate photographs and caption them to complement a story;', 'collaborate constructively with fellow students in learning and discussion processes, including online forums;', 'produce written work and oral presentations to deadline, making effective use of the conventions of scholarly presentation;', 'have confidence in approaching and working with individuals and organisations in news media industries.']CIV4288 Overview of the various water and wastewater systems in an urban environment, their functions and modes of operation and influence of climate variability on urban requirements in terms of management and discharge of stormwater and wastewater. Examination of water supply treatment, stormwater management system, sewerage system and the interface between these systems. ['Discern components of the water treatment chain and explain the chemical processes for water hardness removal.', 'Design the various components of active and passive wastewater treatment plants.', 'Determine potential quantities of recycled wastewater and recovered biosolids based on designs of secondary wastewater treatment plant.', 'Discern the components of advanced secondary wastewater treatment and energy recovery processes and explain the biological processes for the anaerobic treatment of sludge.', 'Decide between various wastewater treatment systems for differing problems given space, economic, and environmental constraints.'] ATS3145 This is the first part of a sequence in upper intermediate Japanese. This unit covers both spoken language and contemporary written language and aims to enhance student's knowledge about Japan and the different varieties of the language. The unit also aims to develop student's study skills and intercultural competence. ['Understand simple conversations or monologues on topics covered in class;', 'Demonstrate their ability to keep listening even when they encounter unfamiliar vocabulary and grammar;', 'Read texts\n(approx. 1500 characters) written for upper intermediate level of students with the assistance of dictionaries;', 'Use online language resources effectively;', 'Become more aware of different varieties of Japanese language and use appropriate speech styles according to context;', 'Use communication strategies and communicate more naturally;', 'Discuss various topics related to Japan if they prepare beforehand;', 'Write a short essay\n(800-1000 characters) under exam conditions on a topic which they have researched;', 'Reinforce their knowledge of kanji acquired so far\n(approx. 300 kanji) and develop their knowledge of additional 150 new kanji\n\n(including approx. 70 for recognition only).'] VPR1012 This is a core unit in the Visual Practices sequence, and is one of four 1st year units. This unit provides students with a further exploration of a broad range of approaches to production methodologies in contemporary visual art for those wishing to work in the arts industry. Topics are delivered in an intensive series of workshop environments and will include experimentation with a range of materials, techniques and conceptual approaches. Students will be encouraged to develop inventive solutions to a series of projects set around a variety of themes and concepts appropriate to each workshop. Teaching methods involve technical demonstrations, critical dialogue, class discussion and evaluation. Safe and sustainable approaches to fabrication techniques and materials are promoted as core values in the unit. ['Draw from their experience through different disciplines in the semester and previous VPR units;', 'Develop conceptual solutions to projects set across a range of fine art media;', 'Experiment with production methods of various mediums used in contemporary visual art practices;', 'Apply strategies of observation, analysis and experimentation across the developmental process;', 'Understand and utilise interdisciplinary approaches across contemporary visual art practices at both individual and collaborative levels;', 'Contextualise their work and its material rationale within a broad field of contemporary visual art practices;', 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to sustained independent studio practice and in order to collaborate safely with peers.']BMA1011 This unit is the first of two units designed to educate health science students about the anatomical structures and physiological functions of the systems of the human body that underpin the regulatory mechanisms for homeostatic control. Students will be introduced to the principles of cell biology, tissue types and their origins together with their importance in maintaining the homeostasis of the various body systems. The key anatomical features of the integumentary and musculoskeletal systems will be examined as well as their role in the control of homeostasis. The central and peripheral nervous system will be addressed in the context of its physiological characteristics and with special attention to the anatomical features of the spinal cord and brain. Students will be introduced to the various functions of the brain in the context of homeostasis and control, together with the special senses. Throughout the unit, clinical connections will be made with the systems addressed so that students will understand the relevance of the topics included in the unit to the health and human science disciplines. ['Explain the levels of structural organisation within the human body and apply the concept of homeostasis.', 'Describe the cellular and tissue organisation of the body and explain their importance in relation to the integumentary system.', 'Identify the structural components of the musculoskeletal system and explain how it protects, supports and moves the body.', 'Describe the major anatomical divisions of the central and peripheral nervous systems and relate the sensory, integrative and responsive functions to homeostatic imbalances.', 'Describe the key anatomical areas of the brain, the structural organisation and list the associated functions.', 'Explain the main structural components of the special sense organs, their functions and the clinical relevance of dysfunctions in these organs and associated neural pathways.'] LAW4119 This unit will examine the following major areas: ['understand and appraise the importance of international conventions and domestic legislation in relation to industrial dispute settling and setting minimum terms and conditions of employment in Australia, United States, Canada, United Kingdom and Europe;', 'appreciate the impact of constitutional powers in establishing workplace relations systems;', 'determine how minimum standards for workers are set and enforced;', 'critique the legal nature of collective or enterprise bargaining and the role of industrial action in bargaining for terms and conditions of work;', 'debate and critically analyse how legislation protects workplace rights, including the right to bargain collectively and the freedom to choose whether or not to join a union; and', 'research and apply the law studied to new and emerging contemporary problems in the labour law field.']ATS2169 This second-year unit will introduce students to the theory and practice of photojournalism. ['Students will develop an understanding of the historical circumstances, technological developments and industry context which have contributed to the contemporary practice of photojournalism.', 'Students will develop the ability to critically assess what constitutes an effective image from both a technical and journalistic point of view.', 'Students will develop competencies in planning, selecting and setting up photographic subject material in accordance with good journalistic practice.', 'Students will develop competencies in taking individual photos, or sets of photos which present coherent narratives, that are suitable for publication, using industry-standard photographic equipment.', 'Students will develop competencies in editing photos for publication in a variety of media using industry-standard software.', 'Students will be able to provide captions and other interpretative text for both individual photos and photo essays.', 'Students will be able to work within the ethical parameters of photojournalism.', 'Students will develop photojournalism skills and a portfolio of work that will enhance job opportunities in journalism.'] EAE2011 Environmental problem solving and visualisation will provide the students with the ability to solve a wide-ranging set of common problems in environmental and climate science. Through practical problem solving it will introduce methods and techniques used in environmental and climate science to collect and analyse data, to build quantitative models and to visualise key results. The unit will discuss a number of environmental and climate science problem-based topics involving observing and modelling the earth. Simple techniques and methods from the fields of mathematics, physics and information technology will be introduced successively in the context of real-world problems and will enable students to apply these necessary skills in the higher level units in the Earth science major streams of Earth's physical environment and Earth's climate. ['Understand the basic methods for data analysis and scientific modelling of environmental and climate science.', 'Make statistical analysis of environmental and climate data sets with numerical methods and visualise their results using common tools, such as GIS or MATLAB.', 'Analyse simple models in terms of sensitivities, quantitative and qualitative relationships.', 'Build simple quantitative models based theoretical knowledge or statistical data analysis.', 'Communicate clearly the key concepts covered in the unit, both verbally and in written form.'] FIT1006 This unit is designed to give students an introduction to statistical and quantitative methods within a business-related framework and to provide students with a sound foundation for more advanced statistical and quantitative studies. The unit will provide opportunities for the student to gain skills in the presentation of business and economic data, the use of frequency distributions, measures of central tendency and dispersion, principles of probability, use of probability distributions, sampling theory, estimation, hypothesis testing, regression analysis, the use of indices and forecasting methods. ['perform basic statistical analysis by hand, using spread sheets and statistical software;', 'communicate the results of descriptive statistical analysis in written form using appropriate graphical displays where relevant;', "analyse the predictability of statistical models taking measures of uncertainty (such as standard deviation and Pearson's correlation coefficient) into account;", 'critically analyse sample selection and sampling methods;', 'perform hypothesis tests for the mean and proportion;', 'identify sources of data such as that provided by the Australian Bureau of Statistics, as well as other public domain and private data, such as from market research and polling.']RSE3020 The mineral inventory of a company is quantified through resource or reserve estimates with associated error levels that, in many cases, are unknown. The estimation procedure used by a geologist or engineer should incorporate efforts to minimise errors and assumptions at every level of decision. ['Appreciate the difference in sampling methods applicable for various resource types.', 'Construct resource models from exploration datasets using industry standard software tools.', 'Apply different statistical and geostatistical tools and techniques for evaluating the grade and tonnage of mineral resources.', 'Assess the merits and drawbacks of various estimation methods relevant to deposit type and quantify the uncertainty and risk associated with different estimation techniques.', 'Generate resources and reserve reports using applicable industry codes.'] ATS3908 This unit examines the history of the US in the world, asking how a federation of former colonies on the eastern seaboard became a continental and then international power. It examines the linkages between continental expansion in the nineteenth century and expansion abroad in the twentieth, and investigates the extent to which this expansion was justified in terms of race and gender. A major theme of this unit is empire. Does this term apply to the history of American expansion? Why have Americans been so resistant to the idea that they have forged an empire? We also examine concepts such as manifest destiny, national exceptionalism and Americanisation. ['Have a good understanding of the US foreign relations from the nineteenth century to mid twentieth century', 'Have an understanding of the importance of race and gender in shaping American interactions with other peoples and nations.', 'Have an understanding of the different factors which shape foreign policy and imperial projects.', 'Have an understanding of the importance of culture - including popular culture - to historical research', 'Be familiar with the research skills and methods of cultural, political and diplomatic historians.', 'Have experience in working with a range of textual, visual and material historical resources', 'Have further developed their oral and written communication skills', 'Have improved their ability to conduct historical research independently.'] MMD4001 This unit introduces students to the audio-visual language of multimedia and multimedia design principles. The role of multimedia designer and the various multimedia elements are defined, including text, image, sound, animation and video. Methods for problem solving two-dimensional multimedia screen design and analysing electronic media are developed, giving a broad understanding of multimedia design. Particular emphasis is placed on the role of text and images. ['Understand the audio-visual language of multimedia and the application of multimedia design principles;', 'Understand the role of the multimedia designer in electronic communication;', 'Approach the problem-solving of two-dimensional multimedia screen design with an inquiring, adventurous and open attitude;', 'Be able to identify the different delivery platforms for multimedia design, including digital video, the internet, cd-rom, dvd-rom, site-specific installation, and other technologies;', 'Be able to use text, images, animation, sound and digital video as multimedia elements in electronic documents;', 'Be familiar with colour mode and resolution requirements for a range of electronic media;', 'Be aware of a variety of file formats, their use and benefits and compression options;', 'Be able to optimise a media file for a particular application;', 'Develop a self-directed approach to the development of multimedia design works, utilising independent research and evaluation methods.']ATS3311 This intensive field work course of one week's duration is taught out of the Monash Prato Centre in mid-December in the year of offering, and utilises the intellectual capital of the members of the Prato Consortium for Medieval and Renaissance Studies. The unit is centred on 'core skills' for Medieval and Renaissance Studies: archive, manuscript, palaeographical and interpretive skills. Students undertaking the course are introduced to archives and manuscripts, visual culture and urban landscapes. In particular, when possible this unit will draw on the resources of the Archivio di Stato of Prato, and the 'Archivio Datini Online' making maximal use of the digitized documents available through this portal. Texts will be read from a variety of historiographical perspectives, and considered within the appropriate historical contexts. Participants will generally have the opportunity to engage with some of the foremost scholars in this area of study. Students therefore will be expected to attend, and critique, workshops and lectures organized to coincide with their intensive week's study. There will be a compulsory seminar for all participating in the unit in advance of departure for Italy. While this unit is designed for fourth level students, qualified third year students may enrol with permission of the unit coordinator. ['Will have a thorough knowledge of the text(s) chosen for study.', 'Will have gained an understanding of different genres of text circulating in Medieval and Renaissance Italy\n(chronicle, letter, diary, tract, sermon, poem, play, dialogue, treatise, monument, visual representation).', 'Will have gained a grounding in core skills for Medieval and Renaissance Studies with respect to archives, manuscripts and palaeography.', 'Will have developed a capacity to analyse the processes which underpinned the construction of particular texts.', 'Will have developed the capacity to detect the resonances of language and code embedded in particular texts and their relationship to social context.', "Will have developed the capacity to read 'against the grain' in relation to the Medieval and Renaissance Italian social, political and social contexts.", 'Will have had the opportunity to critique either an element of the historiography or a presentation by a scholar\n(or scholars) in the field.', 'Will be able to engage in critical discussion of texts in relation to the urban context of Italian Medieval and Renaissance Society.'] MAE2403 This unit introduces numerical analysis techniques for interpolation, root finding, integration, the solution of ordinary differential equations, and the analysis of data. The role computers play in the solution of modern aerospace engineering problems is emphasised through exposure to finite difference, finite volume and finite element techniques for partial differential equations, and the implementation of these techniques in commercial fluid dynamics and structural mechanics packages. ['Understanding of the role of computers and numerical analysis in modern engineering practice', 'Appreciation of stability, efficiency and accuracy constraints on available methods for numerical approximation of engineering solutions', 'Understanding of numerical methods for interpolation, root-finding, integration, solution of ordinary and partial differential equations, and analysis of data.', 'Knowledge and skills to generate accurate solutions to engineering problems using numerical computing', 'Solve engineering problems numerically', 'Determine the appropriate technique to solve a problem through consideration of the accuracy, efficiency and stability of available methods', 'Improve oral and written communication skills', 'Appreciation of the role of computers in engineering industry', 'Confidence in identifying engineering problems and formulating original solutions'] FIT5137 This unit looks at the design and implementation issues of database management systems. Advanced database design using multi-dimensional database design and semi-structured database design are explored. Online analytical query language will be explored in the context of multi-dimensional database design. Query optimisation and tuning will be explored, as well as semi-structure database design and query processing. ['design multi-dimensional databases;', 'use fact and dimensional modelling;', 'implement online analytical query language;', 'explain query optimisation and its impact on multi-dimensional design.']MGF5940 The unit aims to provide students with an understanding of the skills to be a competent intercultural communicator and negotiator. In this unit you will critically evaluate factors relating to national culture and how these inform values, socialisation, behaviour, and identity and their impact on communicating in intercultural settings in business and activities such as negotiation. You will analyse contemporary issues such worldview, political orientation, and ethical considerations in relation to intercultural competence and the interaction of individuals in the negotiation process by developing skills to generate creative solutions to complex challenges associated with intercultural communication and negotiation. Student learning is enhanced by participation in practical exercises. ['critically evaluate how national culture informs values, socialisation, behaviour, and identity in an international business context', 'understand how cultural differences impact the communication and negotiation process in different international business settings', 'analyse how we categorise people into cultural groupings and understand the practical and ethical consequences of this practice for communicating and negotiating in intercultural business settings', 'demonstrate intercultural competence by applying practical skills to intercultural communication and negotiation exercises', 'develop intercultural competence skills by generating creative solutions to complex business challenges associated with intercultural communication and negotiation in organisations operating globally.'] ATS1091 This unit is for students with little or no knowledge of the language. This unit consists of two components. Component 1: Language. A communicatively oriented German language course designed for all-round development in the language. Component 2: This component will familiarise students with the history, culture and the socio-economic conditions of the German-speaking countries. ['NA'] ASP5000 Students undertake an advanced research project involving original work on a topic chosen in consultation with an academic supervisor. The topic may be a continuation of research completed in ASP4000, enabling a deeper insight into a larger research problem. In this case, it is expected that the research outcomes will also be suitable for submission for publication in a peer-reviewed international journal. ['Understand, use and explain the basic concepts and principles of the research literature which underpin the chosen area of astrophysics research.', 'Synthesise and interpret the knowledge gained in the study of the underpinning research literature. This leads to the ability to identify a niche topic or topics within this existing body of literature, which represents a gap in current knowledge. This problem should be suitable for original research.', 'Solve an outstanding problem or problems in the chosen area for original research.', 'Present the results of the original research in written form as a thesis, and also present key thesis results in oral form as a final seminar.', 'Defend the results of the original research in an oral exam.']ATS3189 What is the relationship between reading and thinking?. And what are the particular ways of thinking that help and enrich how we read fiction, poetry, drama and literary non-fiction?. Literary theory refers to particular intellectual approaches or frameworks that assist us with understanding, enjoying, constructing meaning from and discussing literary texts. This unit provides a succinct and practical approach to the topic of literary theory. It provides students with the philosophical foundations of modern literary theory, and also with informative and interactive seminars on the contemporary schools of literary theory such as Marxist theory, psychoanalytic theory, poststructuralist theory, feminist theory and postcolonial theory. The unit then instructs the students on how to apply these theoretical approaches to the study of their favourite literary works, and it also provides those students interested in creative writing with the opportunity to develop their own literary and exegetical writings according to the insights of some of the world's major theorists of literature. ['discriminate between the major schools of literary theory;', 'explain some key critical and theoretical topics in literary theory;', 'critically read and interpret literary texts ;', 'produce a new work, in either poetry, fiction or literary non-fiction (Creative Writing stream students only).'] ACC3600 This unit encompasses the nature and purpose of audit and assurance services, and the regulatory and professional environment in which they operate. Students apply professional, ethical and legal requirements stemming from the assurance framework and applicable auditing pronouncements to 'real world' scenarios. ['critically evaluate the demand for and the limitations of audit and assurance services', 'explain the regulatory ethical and professional requirements applicable to assurance services', 'understand the assurance framework and apply judgement to determine audit strategy and procedures, appropriateness of evidence gathered and conclusions reached', "analyse the auditor's role in corporate governance with emphasis on the detection and reporting of frauds and errors", 'apply critical thinking, problem solving and communication skills to resolve ethical dilemmas and professional issues faced by audit practitioners.'] MEC4402 In this unit, together with MEC4401, students undertake a self-guided learning task in the form of a project. It is a full year project of either a major design, theoretical, or experimental investigation. The project may be undertaken either within the department or externally with a company or research organisation. In either case, an academic member of staff will act as the supervisor. While some projects may benefit from group based work it is expected that students will work individually on each project. ['Conduct an independent, scientifically based research project under broad direction;', 'Develop a research plan based on scientific methodologies and sound research practices taking into account assessment of risk factors;', 'Apply sound scientific method and research practices to undertake project work;', 'Manage a research project effectively within technical, budgetary, risk and time constraints;', 'Undertake an extensive review of relevant scientific literature and critically analyse its relevance to the project work being proposed:', 'Utilise data acquisition tools, data analysis and/or other technological tools effectively;', 'Justify the validity of their findings by quantifying errors in their technique;', 'Communicate their findings to a professional audience;', 'Apply techniques of scientific theory to provide logical reasoning and hypothesis testing to justify their results.']BMS5006 This unit is part of the Master of Biomedical and Health Sciences. It aims to develop students' knowledge and understanding of emerging concepts on the function of the cardiovascular system in health and in disease. The pathophysiological changes in disease will be highlighted to provide a contextual basis for discussion of the range of approaches and methods used in cardiovascular science. Students will evaluate and review relevant research literature to further explore specific areas of cardiovascular science from the cellular level though to integrative physiology and pharmacology, including the whole animal, and present and/or critique topical research articles and cardiovascular case studies in both oral and written forms. ['Analyse pathological mechanisms involved in specific cardiovascular diseases.', 'Source, integrate and critically evaluate the scientific literature to address a defined problem relating to cardiovascular science.', 'Analyse, interpret and present data from a range of experiment types and discuss this in the context of current scientific literature.', 'Analyse contemporary research and theoretical issues in key areas of cardiovascular science, including epidemiological aspects.', 'Evaluate a range of research tools and paradigms used within different domains of cardiovascular research, encompassing cellular through to in vivo through to the population.', 'Effectively communicate complex concepts and scientific content in written or oral formats.'] AHT2740 Australian Art offers a broad historical survey of Australian art from European colonisation to the present. Topics examined will be the First Fleet artists, the work of John Glover, the Heidelberg School, Australian modernism, post-War Australian landscape, the work of Albert Namatjira and Margaret Preston and the work of a number of contemporary Australian artists, including Gordon Bennett and Tracey Moffatt. The course will ask questions concerning the "Australianness" of Australian art and whether we can write a new history of Australian art appropriate to contemporary conditions. ['Identify a range of critical perspectives onto the history of Australian art;', 'Show a broad familiarity with the major artists in the history of Australian art;', 'Discuss a number of contemporary Australian artists and the methodological questions involved in the writing of Australian art history today;', "Demonstrate an ability to respond thoughtfully and critically to works of art in the student's own words."] MKF5403 An in-depth introduction to the critical thinking and planning required in the initial stages of a thesis or research project. Development of a literature review, research model and research proposal. ['develop an understanding of how to formulate a theoretical framework for a marketing problem/opportunity', 'provide an understanding and appreciation of qualitative and quantitative research techniques', 'provide an understanding of how to conduct data analysis', 'develop a comprehensive case study and a comprehensive research report', 'develop a capability of communicating research findings.'] MTE4598 This unit will reveal how electron microscopy can be used to determine the structure and chemistry of a material from the micron to the atomic scale. It will cover methods for the determination of atomic structure, chemical composition and bonding, 3D structures, surface morphology and topography, orientation-relationships and electronic and magnetic structures. These methods will be illustrated with applications, for example, to nanomaterials, alloys, ceramics, catalysts, polymers and electronic materials. The course will cover the theory, methodology and application of both scanning and transmission electron microscopy and will incorporate practical sessions in front of electron microscopes. ['have a thorough understanding of the methods, capabilities and applications of electron microscopy for the characterization of advanced materials.', 'understand the principles and theory of electron microscopy and be able to understand and interpret elementary electron micrographs and spectroscopy data to reveal the structure of a material.', 'be able to recognize and identify the most appropriate electron microscopy method to characterize different types of materials and materials features.', 'be familiar with advanced techniques and the information that can be provided about materials such as nanomaterials, nanocomposites, alloys, ceramics, catalysts, polymers, glasses and electronic materials.', 'should have improved skills in team work, understanding the literature, completing tasks as part of a team, and also obtain improved oral and written communication skills.']CIV2242 The unit covers all aspects of geomechanics at an elementary level, as well as basic engineering geology, formation and weathering processes, sedimentary, igneous and metamorphic rocks, soil and rock forming minerals, geological mapping and modelling, site investigations, in-situ testing, engineering classification of soil and rock, weight-volume relationship, and the two/three phase model. It also includes effective stress theory, stresses in a soil mass and shear strength. The unit includes elementary-level application of geomechanics knowledge in the analysis and design of shallow and deep foundations. ['Use knowledge of basic engineering geology in designing civil infrastructure on soils/rocks', 'Plan and interpret results of geotechnical site investigations', 'Classify soils and rocks including mineralogical compositions', 'Identify different phases in soils and determine their densities, void ratios, porosities', 'Determine total, effective and pore water pressures in soils/rocks including implications of loading on drainage behaviour of soils/rocks', 'Identify and determine appropriate shear strength parameters of soils/rocks for engineering design', 'Estimate incremental stresses in soils/rocks due to applied loads', 'Use knowledge of soils/rocks in designing simple foundations'] ATS2910 In this unit, students participate in learning practices and activities directly concerned with presentation skills as practiced in academic and professional environments. Students are introduced to key performance presentation concepts and given the opportunity to practice and develop associated skills through facilitated workshops. The unit approaches the study and enhancement of presentation skills in these specific ways: ['Identify, discuss and apply theoretical concepts associated with vocal and physical presentation skills', 'Contribute meaningfully to group-tasks and reflect on key components of such contribution', 'Undertake collaborative projects with scholars from other disciplines', 'Utilise practical strategies to present findings in a range of academic and professional contexts with confidence and clarity'] RAD2061 This unit provides a basic understanding of the human body, its structure and the function of its organs in health and disease. The unit covers the cardiovascular system, respiratory system, renal system, haematopoietic system, gastrointestinal system, endocrine system and reproduction. The unit incorporates the anatomy, physiology, pathology and radiographic imaging techniques related to each system. An introduction to the pharmacological principles underlying drug action, drug absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion and the adverse reactions to contrast media complements the body systems. ['Describe the anatomy & physiology of the haematological, respiratory, cardiovascular, respiratory, endocrine, reproductive, urinary and gastrointestinal systems and the significance for medical imaging examinations', 'Discuss pathological processes associated with haematological, respiratory, cardiovascular, respiratory, endocrine, reproductive, urinary and gastrointestinal systems', 'Demonstrate an understanding of the fundamental concepts of pharmacology, pharmacokinetics and toxicology;', 'Explain the general principles, risks, classification, structure and properties of radiographic contrast media;', 'Describe the prevention, treatment and support for contrast media reactions; and the characteristics of other drugs used in the clinical setting, general and local anaesthesia and their implications for patient care during diagnostic imaging examinations;', 'Identify and describe the radiographic representation of the organs comprising cardiovascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, urinary, endocrine, reproductive systems;', 'Identify and describe the radiographic appearances of pathologies affecting the cardiovascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, urinary, endocrine and reproductive systems;', 'Identify and describe the angiographic representation of normal anatomy']MKF5917 This unit is designed to give marketing practitioners an understanding of the fundamental marketing principles and theories that underlie practice. Students will develop conceptual frameworks that can be applied in the range of contexts they are likely to encounter through their career. They will also be given insight into how these fundamental principles and theories contribute to the development of successful marketing strategies and tactics. Students will study the theories and implications of consumer behaviour and will gain a strong understanding of the role of the brand in delivering value to the customer and value to the organisation. These insights will help students develop an understanding of the role and value of the marketing function within an organisation. The unit will also provide students with a perspective that shows the usefulness of basic marketing conceptual models in their further study and their future careers. ['comprehend and be able to apply the basic theories and principles of marketing that are relevant to the marketing practitioner', 'comprehend consumer behaviour theory and be able to apply that knowledge to the analysis of business problems', 'evaluate the role of marketing and the importance of understanding consumer behaviour in the creation of value for the consumer', 'analyse, evaluate and synthesise the role of marketing management in the achievement of commercial and other objectives of organisations.'] ASP3231 This unit gives students theoretical background and practical experience in modern observational astronomy. ASP3231 students study telescope optics, spectroscopy, CCD imaging, image processing, statistics, astronomical distances, stellar evolution, extrasolar planets, neutron stars and galaxies. An observational project, including an astronomical observing session and analysis of the observations, comprises a substantial component of ASP3231. ['Explain and understand the concepts taught in the unit, including astronomical instrumentation, data processing, photometry and spectroscopy;', 'Describe how we observe celestial objects across the electromagnetic spectrum and how these observations are used to understand the nature of celestial objects;', 'Evaluate the accuracy of astronomical instrumentation and observations, including angular resolution, spectroscopic resolution and photometric precision;', 'Apply their knowledge to execute an observing program and use astronomical imaging to understand the nature of a celestial object;', 'Present and communicate the results of an astronomical observing program.'] MKF3621 Do you want to understand the strategic and creative thinking needed to develop successful advertising like the memorable 'Happy Little Vegemite' campaign and Metro's viral sensation, 'Dumb Ways to Die'? If so, this unit is for you! In Advertising Management and Campaigns, students will utilise concepts of synergy and integration to design and execute a real world strategic advertising campaign, putting theory into practice. Students also walk away with in-depth knowledge of the advertising industry and the relationships that exist within. With a priority on industry engagement, students will gain the skills and knowledge to confidently begin a career in the advertising industry. ['investigate the importance of synergy and integration within the advertising industry, in particular, the process and relationships between the client and its various agencies', 'analyse the effectiveness of strategic advertising campaigns to determine industry best practice', 'design and execute a strategic advertising campaign, integrating market research, media planning, and creative resources based on a brief from industry', 'apply the pitch process to present a persuasive advertising campaign to a professional client']GEN2041 The principles, concepts, organisms and techniques of genetics are covered in this unit. Topics include: patterns of inheritance; structure and organisation of genes, chromosomes and genomes; gene regulation, mutation and gene function; relationship of genotype to phenotype; genetic linkage and gene mapping; chromosome variation and its role in both evolution and human disease. Examples are drawn from a range of organisms, including humans. ['Explain the central role of genes in the inheritance of traits and describe the complex variations in inheritance patterns due to interaction of genes with each other and with the environment;', 'Illustrate the common chromosomal and molecular mechanisms that underlie inheritance and the structure of DNA, genes and chromosomes;', 'Explain what genes are, how they are regulated, how they control phenotypes, and how they can be altered by mutation;', 'Describe a range of organisms used in studying genetics (viruses, bacteria, fungi, plants, invertebrates and vertebrates, including humans) and explain their common and unique features;', 'Convey to a non-specialist audience the relevance and value of genetics to human society;', 'Demonstrate skills in basic laboratory techniques, in genetics problem-solving and experimental design, and in data collection, analysis, interpretation and presentation;', 'Demonstrate and recognise the value of working with peers.'] CIV6883 This unit focuses on the physical processes of land surface hydrology, covering evapotranspiration, precipitation, interception, infiltration and surface flows. The unit also covers the combination of these processes in surface hydrology models, including calibration and applications. ['compile time series data on precipitation and evapotranspiration.', 'model water flow processes in the unsaturated zone.', 'understand the process that control runoff and stream flow.', 'develop a conceptual hydrological model.', 'apply hydrological models to real-world problems.', 'work both independently and collaboratively on complex surface water problems.'] CPS5001 This unit aims to enable students to have a familiarity with and a knowledge of some of the theories on which the understanding of child development and the practice of child psychotherapy are based. It is designed to give students knowledge of human development from three theoretical perspectives and thereby enable them to have a theoretical basis for their practice of observation, assessment and case management. The theoretical perspectives to be studied in this unit will be those of Sigmund Freud, Anna Freud and John Bowlby. ['display an understanding and knowledge of the theories of Sigmund Freud, Anna Freud and John Bowlby relevant to child development,', 'demonstrate knowledge of the specific similarities and differences between the three theorists and their theories,', 'understand the different phases of child development,', 'demonstrate an ability to integrate the theories and apply them to clinical material,', 'display an ability to compare and contrast the theories.'] PGW5203 One of the principles of wound management is the maintenance of a physiologic wound environment to optimise each patient's wound healing potential. This involves preventing and managing infection, cleansing the wound, removable of nonviable tissue, maintaining moisture balance, controlling odour, protecting the wound and periwound area and eliminating or minimising pain. This unit will explore how these can be achieved using wound dressing products and technologies as well as alternative/adjunctive therapies. ['Formulate a wound care management plan incorporating skin and wound assessment to guide selection of appropriate products or technologies.', 'Critically review wound dressings and technologies describing their properties and place in therapy.', 'Evaluate the role of debridement in wound bed preparation.', 'Critically appraise adjunctive/alternative therapies used in wound care, including suggested mode of action and level of evidence to support use.', 'Communicate effectively with patients to improve concordance with wound care management plans.']MBA5213 The MBA Labs: Commercialisation of technology project reflects the innovative, applied and research-orientated ethos of Monash University. The MBA Labs will function as a business laboratory, in which ideas are tried and tested, critiqued and improved. The spirit of discovery, enterprise and progress will be evident in the process and the outcomes; the cycle of practice and reflection will exemplify the experience. ['synthesise a complex business situation and develop recommendations', 'integrate academic learning with business practice in a client-orientated consulting report', 'manage an applied business project team, process, deliverables and client relationship.'] PAR3031 This unit continues to develop the role of the paramedic as a clinician by developing knowledge and skills needed to care for birthing women and neonates in the community. The unit will be case based, and will include clinical skills laboratories and simulation to develop essential clinical skills, clinical problem solving and decision making competencies. ['Describe the epidemiology, presentation and management of selected health conditions experienced by women during pregnancy, birth and following childbirth and recommend appropriate paramedic paramedic strategies;', 'Describe models of care available in the maternity services;', 'Identify and interpret the evidence supporting the paramedic care of pregnant and childbearing women and their babies;', 'Outline and justify the level and type of paramedic care appropriate to the women during and immedaitely after childbirth emergencies in the community;', 'Explain the processes of paramedic assessment of the newborn immediately after childbirth in both, uncomplicated and emergency situations, and select appropriate patient management discuss how cultural diversity can influence the care for pregnant women and consider approaches to paramedic care in a variety of situations.'] SWM5112 In all fields of contemporary social work, practitioners need the skills to effectively consume, produce and apply research knowledge, to ensure that actions are based on appropriate and critiqued evidence. Research is a powerful intervention tool through which change can be achieved with individuals, groups and communities. This unit is offered as part of the core requirements of the professional association, the Australian Association of Social Workers (AASW). Social work research is seen to be informed by a clear value base and driven to deliver socially constructive outcomes. The unit will explore research processes, presenting a structured approach to the implementation of a research proposal. There will be particular emphasis on research in practice, program evaluation, and program development, as well as the ethical underpinnings of all research. The overall aim of this unit is to encourage students to become critically reflective, research minded practitioners, who contribute in an ongoing way to the knowledge base of the profession. Students will engage in a range of learning activities, including interactive lectures, workshops, cross-disciplinary masterclasses and integrated online learning. Students will focus on learning the language and terminology of research, within a reflective practice framework. ['Appraise the contribution of research to the wider social work skill and knowledge base and to socially constructive outcomes.', 'Locate and appraise existing research literature, to guide research and practice.', 'Examine common approaches evident in social work research, assessing the strengths and weaknesses of these to make appropriate methodological choices.', 'Identify the ethical issues relevant to the conduct of human research and devise appropriate strategies to manage these concerns.', 'Utilise professional ethical principles to balance the rights and protection of potentially vulnerable research participants.', 'Design a social work practice research project that is methodologically rigorous, feasible and ethical.', 'Demonstrate the ability to choose appropriate data analysis strategies.', 'Draw on a critically reflexive approach to ensure rigour and transparency in research.']FIT5145 This unit looks at processes, case studies and simple tools to understand the many facets of working with data, and the significant effort in Data Science over and above the core task of Data Analysis. Working with data as part of a business model and the lifecycle in an organisation is considered, as well as business processes and case studies. Data and its handling is also introduced: characteristic kinds of data and its collection, data storage and basic kinds of data preparation, data cleaning and data stream processing. Styles of data analysis and outcomes of successful data exploration and analysis are reviewed. Standards, tools and resources are also reviewed. Basic curation and management are reviewed: archival and architectural practice, policy, legal and ethical issues. ['analyse the role of data in organisations, including curation and management issues;', 'apply basic tools for performing exploratory data analysis and visualisation;', 'apply basic tools for managing and processing big data;', 'apply basic predictive modeling and data analysis methods;', 'determine data storage and processing requirements for a data science project;', 'identify data resources and standards.'] PSY5261 Neuropsychological disorders will be considered from perspectives taken in cognitive psychology and cognitive neuropsychology. In particular, there will be an emphasis on establishing frameworks for conceptualising neuropsychological features of neurological and psychiatric conditions, and frameworks for approaching clinical assessment and rehabilitation. ['Have knowledge of neural bases of attention, language, visuospatial functions, memory, executive functions, emotion processing, and complex adaptive behaviours, in both in normality and pathology;', 'Understand the current theoretical models proposed to account for neuropsychological impairments.'] AHT4111 This unit is the first part of a major art history, theory or curating research project. It provides an opportunity to research issues of art practice in the area(s) chosen by the student and approved by the department at the time of application. The thesis or equivalent will be developed under supervision, and students will be expected to meet regularly with their supervisors while undertaking independent research. This unit is followed by AHT4112 Major project under which the project and research must be completed. ['Identify and critically evaluate current discourse in relation to an area of contemporary artistic production or curation;', 'Advance sustained critical arguments in relation to a specialised topic;', 'Use research methodology to conduct high level scholarly or curatorial research in their chosen field;', 'Communicate fresh interpretations of the literature or curatorial practice in their chosen field.']MPH5286 This unit provides students with the skills and knowledge to apply tools, techniques, programs or strategies to improve the quality of care and patient safety. ['An in-depth knowledge and ability to compare the key approaches to measuring, monitoring and managing health care for improving quality of care and patient safety;', 'An in-depth knowledge of the tools, techniques, programs and strategies currently used for improving quality of care and patient safety;', 'Demonstrate the skills to objectively critique the strengths and limitations of the different tool, technique, programs or strategy for improving quality of care and patient safety;', 'Demonstrate the ability to select an appropriate tool, technique, program or strategy for a:\n\nparticular dimension of quality (i.e. safety, efficacy, timelines, patient-centre-ed)\nclinical setting\npatient population\nis logistically feasible\n', 'particular dimension of quality (i.e. safety, efficacy, timelines, patient-centre-ed)', 'clinical setting', 'patient population', 'is logistically feasible', 'Demonstrate the skills to modify, implement and evaluate a tool, technique, program or strategy for improving quality of care and patient safety in the workplace;', 'Understand and manage the factors that impact on the selection, acceptance and sustainability of initiative for improving quality of care and patient safety. These factors include clinician behaviour, organisational and health system structures.'] CIV6888 This unit provides the learner with knowledge and skills in the application of advanced numerical and computational techniques for the solution of complex problems in infrastructure systems. Structural, soil, and rock mechanical behaviours will be examined through use of finite element analysis, emerging meshless methods and constitutive models. Applications to practical problems are a key aspects of the learning covered. Finally, the management, visualization, and analysis of large quantities of data will complete the necessary skillset for the graduate who will manage 21st century infrastructure systems. ['Explain the theoretical basis behind finite element and meshless methods.', 'Select suitable constitutive models for different material types.', 'Apply finite element and meshless methods to practical problems in structural, soil and rock mechanics.', 'Present, explain, and interpret the results of a computational analysis to specialist and non-specialist audiences.', 'Explain the suitable techniques for the management and visualisation of large quantities of data, typical of infrastructure systems.'] ASP4002 Students undertake a project, involving original research in one of the School's research themes, which encompass a diverse range of "cutting-edge" topics, including active galaxies, astrophysical fluid dynamics and magneto-hydrodynamics, galaxy evolution, first stars, the formation of stars, stellar evolution, stellar nucleosynthesis, nuclear astrophysics, chemical evolution, galactic archaeology, supernovae and supernovae remnants, neutron stars, stellar transients, supermassive black holes, high energy astrophysics, gravitational wave astronomy, stellar and planetary dynamics and exoplanets. A full list of projects will be made available to students prior to commencing their MSc program. ['Understand, use and explain the basic concepts and principles of the research literature which underpin the chosen area of astrophysics research.', 'Synthesise and interpret the knowledge gained in the study of the underpinning research literature. This leads to the ability to identify a niche topic or topics within this existing body of literature, which represents a gap in current knowledge. This problem should be suitable for original research.', 'Advance our understanding of an existing problem or problems in the chosen area for original research.', 'Present the results of the original research in written form as a thesis, and also present key thesis results in oral form as a final seminar.', 'Defend the results of the original research in an oral exam.']ATS3867 What does transgression teach us about a particular society's beliefs and values? How do crime narratives investigate key social and political issues in Hispanic societies? This unit examines fiction and film from Spain and Latin America, and is concerned with understanding the ways in which crime and detective narratives, some of the most popular forms of fiction and film today, investigate and interrogate issues of national identity, gender, sexuality, ethnicity and historical justice in Hispanic societies. Students will be introduced to the codes and conventions of the crime genre and their adoption and adaptation by writers from Spain and Latin America. There will be an emphasis on works by contemporary writers and directors. Students will have the opportunity to develop a project on a specific national text or context. ['apply detailed knowledge of the codes and conventions of the crime genre, in particular, as they operate in Hispanic cultures,', 'critically examine the connection between the crime genre as a literary/filmic form and its evolving historical, political and socio-cultural contexts;', 'analyse primary works of crime narratives (short stories, novels, films) in Spanish;', 'engage in informed discussion of the different texts and contexts studied in the unit;', 'produce clear, grammatically and syntactically appropriate, independent essays in Spanish on topics provided or chosen for assessment.'] CHE3163 This unit will explore cleaner production and sustainability concepts, the principles of process design and development and associated flow sheets, systematic approaches to waste minimisation in process and utility systems, the methodology of life cycle assessment and application of life cycle assessment to processes and products. These themes will be developed in lectures and supported by student project work related to selected industrial processes. ['Apply the principles of cleaner production and sustainability in the design and evaluation of processes and products', 'Design and evaluate processes with emphasis on resource and energy efficiency and waste minimisation', 'Develop and draw a detailed process flow sheet', 'Produce the life cycle block diagram of a product and determine the main environmental impacts of the life cycle', 'Analyse a process or product using life cycle assessment methodology', 'Analyse the benefits and burdens of materials recycling', 'Evaluate and apply the principles of greenhouse gas (GHG) measurement and reporting under national and international schemes', 'Examine and evaluate sustainable energy options'] ADA5011 This interdisciplinary studies unit will engage with complex contemporary challenges via project-based activities and problem-based learning. Students will apply knowledge, techniques and methodologies from their individual disciplines in collaboration with others' as they investigate a range of disciplinary perspectives and approaches relevant to the challenge at hand. Student cohorts may include any combination of art, design or architecture students as well as students from other disciplinary backgrounds. Developing the ability to critically and creatively engage with 'real world' problems through interdisciplinary approaches will be the core of learning in this unit. Students will develop skills in communication, collaboration and innovation, as well as reflective approaches that will focus on developing a clearer understanding of the personal perspective and skills each contributor brings to a shared challenge. Final outcomes from the unit may include collaborative or individual submissions. ['Understand a range of opportunities for discipline-specific practitioners in interdisciplinary contexts;', 'Apply collaboration, representation and communication skills for interdisciplinary engagement;', 'Conduct critical enquiry relevant to an identified issue, and analyse and evaluate findings;', 'Conceptualise, develop and present a creative response to a given interdisciplinary problem;', "Critically reflect on the students' own contributions to an interdisciplinary undertaking;", 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to the interdisciplinary study, in order to collaborate safely with peers.']BRM5013 This unit covers the fundamental techniques and approaches in regenerative medicine and medical biotechnology. ['Discriminate between imaging technologies used to image biological processes in living cells, tissues and whole organisms', 'Perform in vivo imaging of cells, tissues and organisms', 'Describe principles of genome editing technologies, and discuss current challenges and future prospects for the use of these technologies in gene and cell therapy', 'Integrate knowledge of cell plasticity; cell reprogramming, lineage conversion and differentiation', 'Demonstrate proficiency in cell reprogramming, microscopy and immunofluorescence techniques', 'Summarise the derivation and characterisation of mouse and human iPS cells'] SWM5241 This unit introduces postgraduate students to the epistemologies of practice in mental health and a critical analysis of contemporary mental health issues. It provides advanced knowledge about the context and consequences of mental illness for individuals, families and the broader community. Social Work interfaces with a range of clients and practice contexts, in community and mental health, in disability, child protection, drug and alcohol and criminal justice systems. The unit provides an ecological approach to understanding and intervention in the mental health field. ['Articulate mental health practice and policy frameworks in Australia.', 'Explain historical, social and political factors that have contributed to contemporary mental health practice and policy.', 'Identify appropriate competencies for practice in mental health including legal and statutory responsibilities.', 'Determine specific factors that contribute to and influence client mental health challenges and needs.', 'Articulate and synthesize the objectives and practice approaches in the service system constructed to meet these mental health challenges and needs.', 'Critically reflect upon the inter-disciplinary roles and contributions made by the key professional groups working in mental health service delivery in clinical and community settings.', 'Critically evaluate service programs, their objectives and practice models, in mental health settings.', 'Critically evaluate the research approaches, paradigms and methods being used to answer practice-based questions in mental health.', 'Analyse contemporary mental health issues, including service delivery gaps, innovation opportunities and political priorities.'] FOR5014 Forensic Odontology encompasses the intersection between dentistry and the law. ['Describe how the principles of Forensic Odontology apply to Forensic Odontological investigations;', 'Perform advanced mortuary procedures and protocols, including ethical treatment of the deceased, post-mortem dental examination and imaging procedures;', 'Estimate and classify human skeletal and dental development, using appropriate forensic age estimation methods;', 'Confidently discriminate between human and non-human skeletal, and dental elements during forensic investigations;', 'Explain the role of the Forensic Odontologist in each of the five stages of Disaster Victim identification, including mass grave exhumation techniques and an awareness of the role of the Forensic Odontologist in war crimes investigations;', 'Apply and utilise CT technology and associated software systems in post-mortem examinations;', 'Prepare medico-legal forensic odontology reports that support the presentation of evidence in courts of law.']BRM5013 This unit covers the fundamental techniques and approaches in regenerative medicine and medical biotechnology. ['Discriminate between imaging technologies used to image biological processes in living cells, tissues and whole organisms', 'Perform in vivo imaging of cells, tissues and organisms', 'Describe principles of genome editing technologies, and discuss current challenges and future prospects for the use of these technologies in gene and cell therapy', 'Integrate knowledge of cell plasticity; cell reprogramming, lineage conversion and differentiation', 'Demonstrate proficiency in cell reprogramming, microscopy and immunofluorescence techniques', 'Summarise the derivation and characterisation of mouse and human iPS cells'] BMH4120 Students will undertake a supervised research project of a publishable standard. Candidates may commence the Honours year at the beginning of either the first or second semester. Students will research literature relevant to their topic, carry out a research project and present the results of their study in both written and oral form. Information about the research projects is available from the course coordinator and at information sessions held during the second semester of third year. ['Critically review the scientific literature that underpins the area of the research project;', 'Undertake a supervised research project and contribute to project design and management;', 'Apply appropriate laboratory techniques, research methodologies and data analysis methods to collect, interpret and report research findings;', 'Effectively present research and findings orally showing a firm grasp of the area;', 'Analyse research undertaken in the context of the discipline area and report findings in an extended written report.'] MKF2521 A brand is much more than a logo, a symbol, a sign or device, or simply the result of clever advertising. It helps to communicate value and create and deliver that value. Branding is a promise of value for customers. It helps to attract and, if it is true and accurate, keep customers. It provides an extra element of understanding or meaning, for customers as they form opinions and make purchase decisions from a variety of competing offerings. There is strong industry demand for graduates with a thorough understanding of branding. While this unit is primarily for students undertaking a major in marketing it is offered to any student with a prerequisite of an introductory marketing unit. ['examine the brand and the various functions of brand management', 'describe the various components of a brand and how they interact', 'analyse branding techniques and apply them to a variety of different issues', 'generalise and hypothesise from branding theory into branding practice.'] ATS1211 Introduction to Ukrainian for students with little or no knowledge of the language. The unit lays the foundation for the study of the Ukrainian language by enabling the student to acquire practical speaking, comprehension, reading and writing skills. It introduces students to key concepts of Ukrainian culture. ['NA'] ATS3818 Through both the study of the music and musical thought of drumming traditions of West Africa and especially Ghana, this unit explores the complex rhythmic practices of the traditional drumming ensembles in the region. Knowledge of these traditions is primarily based on practical instruction supported by directed readings, lectures and class discussion. ['Comprehend and articulate the connection between culture and musical practice in West African drumming traditions.', 'Develop and enhance individual practical skills in rhythm.', 'Develop an appreciation and critical understanding of complex rhythmic interaction in ensemble playing transferrable to a range of musical contexts.']FIT5194 This unit together with FIT5057 provides a holistic approach to project management. The emphasis of this unit is on theoretical foundation of project management in global environment, and adequate level of understanding of skills necessary for people to be involved in and managing projects globally. The practical exercises and relevant case studies will familiarize students with as many of current issues/problems/solutions as possible, and thus increase their ability to recognize the potential pitfalls in managing projects globally and provide appropriate solutions for them. ['analyse and evaluate theories and concepts of program and portfolio project management in a global context;', 'assess and synthesise diverse information regarding the ways of achieving maturity in global project management;', 'evaluate innovative ideas and strategies for managing global projects;', 'demonstrate and modify relevant software methodologies in creating and managing project databases;', 'develop professional/personal skills - team work; leadership; ethical behaviour; analytical skills, including lateral problem solving and critical thinking.'] MDC4500 The Design Fundamentals Studio is specifically created to enable non-cognate students within the Master of Design to understand and practice the concepts, theories and skills expected of design enquiry and intervention to solve problems. Students undertake a series of exercises concerned with the processes that underpin the composition and assembling of the elements of form, shape and narrative in response to visual, object, spatial and temporal investigation and problem solving. The acquired skills and knowledge will enable the student to approach advanced design challenges with confidence. ['Recognise, analyse and apply the elements and principles of design;', 'Understand the nature of the design process and apply methodical steps in response to design problems;', 'Understand two and three dimensional spatial relationships in nature, built forms and visual systems;', 'Understand the multidisciplinary nature of many design activities;', 'Develop the capability to communicate design outcomes, concepts and solutions by a variety of media;', 'Appreciate the relationship between design and other disciplines that interface with design, and;', 'Observe and employ occupational health and safety appropriate to studio practice.'] MEC4407 This unit builds on knowledge gained in both second year design units, and other core engineering classes, and continues the use of group work and design projects as key learning methodologies to integrate theoretical knowledge and understanding. It includes use of design software tools for 3D modelling, assembly, finite element analysis (FEA), computational fluid dynamics (CFD) and design optimisation. Topics on manufacturing processes will incorporate the discussion of a variety of modern computer controlled processes in addition to those relating to composites and polymers. The unit will emphasise design methodologies and processes for low cost, manufacturability, ease of assembly and speed to market. ['Use industry standard engineering software tools for design (CAD) and simulation (stress analysis, dynamics, fluid dynamics, optimisation) of complex engineering problems.', 'Design a product or process that satisfies design specifications and is optimised based on interdependent and competing factors.', 'Synthesise engineering hand calculations, numerical predictions and experimental test results to predict product and process performance.', 'Reflect on teamwork, project management, leadership and conflict resolution in the context of the group projects and activities.', 'Describe and select appropriate composite materials and manufacturing techniques for industrial applications and consumer products.'] FIT3155 This unit builds on the concepts learnt in introductory algorithms and data structures study. It covers advanced algorithmic paradigms and problem-solving techniques required to address real-world programming challenges. It explores, in depth, the design and analysis of space-efficient data structures and time-efficient problem solving strategies to be used with them. Topics include amortized analysis, advanced sorting and searching algorithms, new tree/string/graph data structures and algorithms, and number-theoretic algorithms amongst others. ['analyse efficient data structures and effective algorithmic paradigms;', 'design and implement efficient algorithms and data structures for use on large data sets;', 'apply advanced algorithms and data structures to tackle complex computational problems;', 'prove the correctness of programs and reason about their space and time complexities.']AMU2685 The unit provides an overview of the salient features constituting contemporary Malaysian society. It also provides a critical understanding of some of the significant innovations, dilemmas, and challenges unfolding in Malaysia in relation to regional and global trends. ['articulate the salient socio - cultural, economic and political features of contemporary Malaysian society;', 'analyse some of the significant innovations, dilemmas and challenges unfolding in Malaysia;', 'evaluate the above issues and debates in the context of regional and global trends;', 'Communicate research findings conducted in collaboration with peers via a variety of formats (oral, video, pictures etc.).'] VCO3305 While this unit is concerned with the acquisition of skills to produce fonts digitally, the emphasis is on focused experimentation and the refinement of those skills. Students become familiar with the potentiality and limitations of specific font software packages and learn how to achieve high quality results. This is a highly specialised area of computer-generated typography and offers students the opportunity to be in the forefront of font development. Questions of legibility and the challenging of traditional methods of conveying messages through typography are addressed, discussed and debated. ['Understand how to create digital fonts using specific design software;', 'Demonstrate a sound knowledge of type construction;', 'Use a computer as an effective design tool;', 'Have a greater understanding of the importance of type legibility through the design and application of digitally produced fonts;', 'Digitally produce fonts with skill and focused experimentation to a professional standard;', 'Consider research as a strategy to develop and initiate concept development within their practical work.'] MGF5985 Introduction to the field of human resource management. Topics include the strategic role of human resource management, the contribution of HRM to competitive advantage, job design, staffing, performance management, strategic compensation and reward systems, developing employee capabilities and assessment of HRM strategies and practices. ['define the purpose and the range of activities associated with the area of Human Resource Management (HRM)', 'differentiate between models of Personnel and HRM', 'analyse and evaluate the strategic contribution that can be made by the HR function', 'analyse and explain each of the activities normally associated with HRM', 'evaluate the strategic impact of each of the HRM activity areas', 'critically analyse and apply HRM theory and empirical research.'] MGM5638 The 21st Century is denoted as the Asian Century. Economies in this region are expected to continue their growth trajectories and dominate the global economy in the decades to come. To understand the dynamics underlying Asian economies, this unit discusses the emergence and growth of large enterprises in East Asia and Southeast Asia. Students will learn the common institutions shared among these economies as well as their unique socioeconomic and historical contexts in which their growth is embedded. The unit also introduces students to corporate structures, networks, and management practices of these enterprises, and elaborates on the degree to which these help explain the success of Asian companies. ['explain the dynamics underlying Asian economies and the emergence and growth of large enterprises in selected countries in East and Southeast Asia', 'compare and contrast Asian business systems and their impact on business practices within the region', 'critically analyse and generate solutions to challenges faced by multinational enterprises in doing business in Asia.']FIT9135 The unit will introduce students to fundamentals of data and computer communications methods and techniques. It covers: ISO and TCP/IP layered protocols; physical layer concepts: data transmission methods, signal encoding and digital data communication techniques; data link control protocol, multiplexing methods; WAN and LAN networking fundamentals; internetworking and transport protocols; and basic concepts of network security. ['describe the underlying fundamental theories and models of transmitting data across a communication channel;', 'identify and describe the concepts and theories of standard network protocols;', 'describe the functions and architectures of local area networks, wide area networks and the Internet;', 'identify and describe fundamental concepts of network security including common threats and countermeasures;', 'evaluate several different design options and formulate a simple network design.'] ATS4328 This unit investigates the concept of 'the political' in modern and contemporary political theory. In the late twentieth century key Western European and American thinkers and government advisors claimed that humanity had arrived at the end of history. The combination of the 'liberal' state and capitalism, they claimed, embodies the ultimate form of human organisation. Politics, they argued, is therefore a thing of the past. Many contemporary political theorists challenge this 'post-political' consensus. In doing so they draw on grand theories of politics to develop a range of concepts of 'the political'. This unit aims to examine these different discourses and concepts of 'the political' and to assess their significance for contemporary political questions regarding justice, citizenship and recognition in a globalised, post-Westphalian world. It focuses on the political theories of Carl Schmitt, Hannah Arendt, Jurgen Habermas, Axel Honneth, Chantal Mouffe, Nancy Fraser and Martha Nussbaum. ['Understand the main ideas and arguments of selected theorists studied.', 'Analyse and discuss accounts of the history of political and international relations theories considered as a tradition of discourse.', 'Relate and connect arguments regarding power, justice, order and disorder in theories of politics and international relations to moral concerns raised in state and global political forums.', 'Assess arguments that grand theories of politics are both empirical and normative, aimed at both knowledge and action.'] NEH4012 This unit continues to develop the student's ability to provide health care in community based emergency health and hospital settings. It builds on the model of clinical competence and the context of clinical practice commenced in previous years of this course. It provides context to support the clinical theory unit concurrently undertaken in this semester, BEH3032. Supervised clinical experience is undertaken in ambulance and community based health settings. Hospital experience involves critical care areas, operating theatre, and emergency department. ['Reflect and critically review their own clinical experience and arrange suitable learning experiences in response to the varying clinical placement opportunities;', 'Develop clinical, professional and leadership capabilities as a beginning health care provider by integrating reflection on placement experience with theoretical knowledge;', 'Communicate effectively to other members of the health care team and contribute to team functioning through knowledge of group dynamics and professional roles;', 'Apply a duty of care within the prevailing legal and ethical frameworks of community based emergency health and hospital settings;', 'Explain and apply protocols for providing advanced life support under supervision;', 'Demonstrate a culturally sensitive and patient-centred approach to the management of patients and family experiencing acute illness or injury.']ACF5080 This unit examines key issues in management accounting, focusing on the relationship between management control systems, behavioural implications, and strategy. Topics include the design and evaluation of management control systems, especially behavioural implications, control typologies, and linkages to corporate governance, ethical issues and value creation. Management control issues in not-for-profit organisations will also be examined. ['identify and appraise the key issues in management control systems, including technical and behavioural aspects', 'demonstrate an understanding of fundamental issues in business strategy and of the enabling role of management control systems in driving value creation', 'apply a control typology to recommend management control systems suitable for organisations facing different contexts', 'understand and appraise the linkages between contemporary corporate governance and ethical issues and management control systems', 'apply critical thinking, problem solving, and communication skills to individual and/or group activities dealing with management control systems and demonstrate in an individual summative assessment task the acquisition of comprehensive understanding of the topics covered by ACF5080.'] APG5018 The unit introduces students to theories and fields of practice organised around 'getting attention' in and through the media. It focuses particularly on celebrity and fashion as two paradigmatic fields in which this is central. It provides students with a theoretical and historical understanding of publicity as a general field, from the emergence of the movie star and the development of magazine journalism to celebrity Twitter feeds and contemporary public relations. It will consider arguments about the 'noise' or 'clutter' of contemporary media and the increasing importance of an 'attention economy'. It will also introduce some of the major fields of professional practice which have developed around publicity. ['demonstrate a theoretical understanding of the way in which attention is gained in communication and the media.', 'show a knowledge of the historical development of celebrity and fashion.', 'identify a range of professional practices organised around publicity.', "recognise arguments about increasing 'noise' and 'clutter' in contemporary media and the relevance of the concept of an 'attention economy'.", 'develop practical responses to problems of gaining attention in the media, including its ethical dimension.'] CMH5001 This unit focuses on the essential clinical practice skills required for adequate performance as a clinician in a community mental health setting. The unit addresses psychiatric assessment, the use of a structured instrument (e.g. HONOS) and specific assessment issues that arise in different clinical scenarios. The unit also covers case management principles and practical issues in mental health delivery with an emphasis on some special focus areas. The unit also addresses the theoretical framework and management of schizophrenia and related disorders, affective disorders, anxiety disorders, substance abuse disorders and personality disorders. ['Complete an adequate assessment of a patient with a psychiatric syndrome.', 'Demonstrate an understanding of the essential skills in using a structured instrument as an assessment tool e.g. HoNOS', 'Identify and describe the principles and features of case management in mental health.', 'Utilise the principles in clinical practice as demonstrated by experience.', 'Have developed sufficient knowledge about various psychiatric syndromes and their management to be utilised in clinical practice.', 'Critically appraise recent developments relevant to this unit.'] MEC4446 Specific modulus and specific strength; 3D stress and 3D strain tensors; anisotropic elasticity; composite lamina and composite laminate; hygrothermal strain and hygrothermal stress analysis of composite structures; failure theories for a composite lamina; micromechanical analysis of a composite lamina; classical lamination theory for composite laminate, failure analysis of composite laminates, design of composite laminates, finite element analysis of composite materials and structures. ['Describe the application of composite materials in modern industries and explain the advantages of applying composite materials in structures.', 'Identify the stress-strain relationships for anisotropic materials.', 'Analyse the strength and stiffness of composite laminate structures.', 'Design composite laminates to meet strength, stiffness and cost requirements.', 'Generate finite element analysis on anisotropic materials and composite laminate structures.']CIV2225 This unit introduces the design of steel and timber framed structures in accordance with the design codes. It enables the students to understand the process for the design of steel and timber structures and the background knowledge which leads to the development of the current steel and timber design codes. Students will understand the behaviour of steel and timber structural components under realistic design conditions and relate the knowledge of design to practical design problems in a project-based learning environment. ['Determine dead and live loading on a building structure.', 'Construct a model steel structure and predict its capacity in a team environment.', 'Describe the properties of steel sections relevant to engineering design for strength.', 'Determine steel and timber members considering strength and serviceability needs.', 'Determine steel and timber joints for strength requirements.', 'Identify issues related to timber durability following industry practice.'] ADA2011 This interdisciplinary studies unit will engage with complex contemporary challenges via project-based activities and problem-based learning. Students will apply knowledge, techniques and methodologies from their individual disciplines in collaboration with others' as they investigate a range of disciplinary perspectives and approaches relevant to the challenge at hand. Student cohorts may include any combination of art, design or architecture students as well as students from other disciplinary backgrounds. Developing the ability to critically and creatively engage with 'real world' problems through interdisciplinary approaches will be the core of learning in this unit. Students will develop skills in communication, collaboration and innovation, as well as reflective approaches that will focus on developing a clearer understanding of the personal perspective and skills each contributor brings to a shared challenge. Final outcomes from the unit may include collaborative or individual submissions. ['Understand a range of opportunities for discipline-specific practitioners in interdisciplinary contexts;', 'Apply collaboration, representation and communication skills for interdisciplinary engagement;', 'Conduct critical enquiry relevant to an identified issue, and analyse and evaluate findings;', 'Conceptualise, develop and present a creative response to a given interdisciplinary problem;', "Critically reflect on the students' own contributions to an interdisciplinary undertaking;", 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to the interdisciplinary study, in order to collaborate safely with peers.'] APG5885 The unit specialises in two important areas of interpreting practice: the legal and health fields. Content knowledge and specialist language are acquired that relate to the contexts of both fields. These skills are applied in class activities through practice interactions with police, lawyers, judiciary staff and other court-room interlocutors, and with doctors, general health and mental health specialists, and patients. This unit builds on the acquisition of dialogue interpreting and on the development and reinforcement of skills and techniques needed for consecutive interpreting. Further training in note-taking, including the use of digital pen technology, will be undertaken. Sight translation is introduced as a new skill at the beginning of this unit. In the second half of this unit, simultaneous interpreting is introduced. All four skills: dialogue, longer consecutive and simultaneous interpreting, and sight translation are used in simulated interactions. Interactional approaches to interpreting are presented as are theoretical concepts relating to health and legal interpreting as emerging research fields. ['provide LOTE-English / English-LOTE dialogue and consecutive interpreting in the specialised areas of legal and health interpreting;', 'provide LOTE-English / English-LOTE simultaneous interpreting and sight translation, where appropriate, in the specialised areas of legal and health interpreting;', 'interpret passages that are delivered in professional settings, and are of moderate to high levels of difficulty;', 'recognise legal and health interpreting as research fields;', 'practice applying interpreting skills in preparation for interpreting assignments.']ATS2094 A communicatively oriented German language course. Specifically, students will work through a range of topics including the world of fairy tales, education, work, crime, personal relationships, migration and the environment. ['a basic understanding of the main periods, styles, genres, intellectual preoccupations and socio-historical trends in modern German literature;', 'the ability to recognise and analyse a variety of texts in accordance with the categories of genre, style and epoch;', 'reading skills necessary to understand intermediate German;', 'basic essay-writing skills and an ability to engage in informed discussion of German culture, using appropriate terminology and applying the range of language skills pertinent to component 1.'] MGF5702 Strategic human resource management and context; SHRM models; the HRM and organisational performance link; high performance work systems; managing the employment relationship; employee voice; ethics and social responsibility; international strategic HRM. ['examine the relationship between people management and strategy', 'critically analyse the strategic planning and implementation considerations associated with key areas of HRM strategy', 'critically analyse the potential for human resource management to enhance competitive advantage, organisational performance and sustainability', 'identify and examine different perspectives and value systems in strategic people management', 'critically analyse strategic HRM theories and practices and their applications to organisational realities', 'apply theories of people management and strategy to a practical work environment.'] FIT5170 This unit focuses on the design and programming techniques essential for developing distributed software systems and applications - with Java as the teaching language. The unit presents concurrent programming primitives and concepts for distributed systems. The unit also focuses on application of concurrent techniques in distributed system designs. Programming and implementation issues and techniques of distributed applications are studied. Enabling techniques for building distributed systems are analysed and evaluated. Distributed Software Patterns are presented. The unit also includes case studies of distributed programming paradigms and their applications (e.g. JINI, JavaSpaces). ['analyse critically and reflect on the concepts and characteristics of distributed and concurrent software;', 'identify and evaluate common distributed and concurrent software designs;', 'design distributed software applications using typical distributed software architectures;', 'write distributed and concurrent software programs.'] FIT5011 This unit will cover network design, performance modelling and analysis. Queuing models (M/M/1, M/M/k, M/M/k/k, M/G/1), networks of queues. Multi-access systems (splitting, reservation, carrier sensing), routing techniques (shortest path, Bellman-Ford, Dijkstra, adaptive routing, flooding). Quality of service (QoS) aspects, flow control, connection admission control and other traffic management functions - ATM, IntServ and DiffServ models. Network topology design and performance modelling, design considerations for local or wide area networks, including GEPON, cable and wireless networks. Introductory probability and graph theory. ['explain and construct queuing models for performance modelling of networks;', 'explain multi-access systems including splitting, reservation, and carrier sensing;', 'explain analysis of routing protocols commonly used on the Internet;', 'explain and apply traffic dimensioning for circuit and packet switched networks, including VoIP and multimedia;', 'explain and apply design considerations for local or wide area networks, including GEPON, cable and wireless networks;', 'explain the analysis and evaluation of the operation of a local or wide area telecommunications network.']BEX3410 This unit presents econometric models and techniques that are widely used in modern applied econometrics. Emphasis is placed on models that address the special problems that arise when analysing microeconomic data, that is, data at the level of individual consumers, households and firms. The topics covered include modelling discrete dependent variables, modelling data sets that have both a cross-section and a time-series dimension and conducting inference in models in which the dependent variable is jointly determined with one or more of the regressors. The models taught in this unit are widely used in empirical work in economics, finance and marketing. ['conduct statistical inference in statistical models with a binary dependent variable', 'conduct statistical inference in statistical models with one or more endogenous explanatory variables', 'conduct statistical inference in a system of simultaneous equations', 'conduct statistical inference on data that has both a time series and a cross section dimension.'] FIT3163 This unit provides practical experience in researching, designing, developing and evaluating a non-trivial data science project. Projects involve whole or part of the data science process (visualisation, analysis, algorithms, etc.) but can also be software-based, or they may involve investigation of theory. Projects if software-based should cover analysis through design to implementation and sting. Comprehensive written documentation on the project is required. Students are assigned in groups to a project supervisor. There are no lectures in this unit, although students will be expected to attend regular meetings with their project supervisor. The unit is the first part of a 12-credit point project sequence; the second part and exit point for the project is FIT3164. ['recognise and execute the factors essential for successful management of systems development projects, including teamwork and interpersonal communication;', 'evaluate and select research methods and techniques of data preparation and analysis appropriate to a particular project, and practice these ethically and professionally;', 'search, access and analyse research literature as part of the process of developing solutions to problems;', 'operate effectively as a member of a development team;', 'communicate in written and oral form the proposed deliverables of a project and reflect upon their value and the likelihood of success;', 'develop, demonstrate and explain results of analysis, a software prototype or model.'] PAR5320 This unit will introduce the scope, context and role of the extended care paramedic practitioner including the obligations, documentation and reporting requirements as well as referral options and pathways for patients. This unit will also focus on the advanced assessment, management, prescribing and referral of patients with musculoskeletal and soft-tissue injuries in the out-of-hospital environment. ['Demonstrate core knowledge of the normal structure, function and development of the human body at all stages of life.', 'Demonstrate knowledge of the aetiology, pathology, symptoms and signs, natural history, and prognosis of common ailments in children, adolescents, adults and the aged.', 'Recognise risk factors for disease or injury, while using appropriate screening tools to be able to triage patients to remain in their home, refer to general practice or other appropriate health services.', 'Select and interpret appropriate, cost-effective diagnostic tools and use them as an adjunct to the history and physical examination findings to formulate an appropriate diagnosis, differential diagnosis and implement an appropriate management plan.', 'Make informed decisions about diagnostic and therapeutic interventions and reflect critically on the justifications for decisions using an evidence-based approach.', "Identify emergent cases and complex conditions beyond the paramedic's range of medical knowledge and competence.", "Recognise the limitations of the student's medical knowledge, and how this relates to scope of practice, patient safety and their role within the broader health care team."]MAT2742 This unit introduces the modelling of environmental systems, through conceptual models showing linkages of variables, and full mathematical models. Using discrete and continuous models of biological, chemical and physical processes, the ecology and physical behaviour of environmental systems is represented by models with analytic or numerical solutions. A range of mathematical methods including: analytic and approximate methods (through spreadsheets) for ordinary differential equations, Fourier series solutions for partial differential equations, matrix models and simple difference equations; elementary systems analysis; are used to explore models, and their use in depicting the behaviour of simple physical systems. ['NA'] ATS3626 This unit examines the social history and impact of disasters from the late nineteenth century to recent times. Case studies include environmental and industrial disasters, pandemics, famines, and climate change events. We examine the processes that make disasters 'global', like travel and communications technologies and environmental systems. Using films, photographs, media reports and autobiographical sources, we examine the representation and experience of disasters to learn how they have been understood, experienced and responded to in contested ways. In doing so, we analyse the social causes of 'natural' and 'unnatural' disasters; how catastrophes have been catalysts for social change; and how disasters stimulate utopian and dystopian ideas about the globe's future. ['a critical understanding of the role specific disasters and disasters in general have played in the development of global society;', 'a thorough knowledge of how contested representations and understandings of disaster have explored issues of responsibility, mitigation, vulnerability and social change;', 'a critical understanding of the various interpretations that inform the historical and contemporary analysis of these phenomena;', 'a stronger understanding of the ethical challenges of disaster response;', 'enhanced skills in the critical and analytical reading of a variety of texts, including contemporary documents, polemical literature, historical scholarship visual representations and web-based evidence, and specifically the development of skills in source criticism, critical reading, the development of research and writing skills, especially the use of evidence and primary sources, analysing different interpretations of an event or issue, organising and defending an argument, and writing with precision and imagination;', 'the capacity to independently develop an original research project.']ATS3309 This intensive study program enables students to recognise and assess the nature of consumption in Japan. Japan is famous internationally for its production of consumer goods. This unit addresses more specifically the diversity of scales of production, and examines the cultural discourses accompany and frame the marketing and consumption of consumer goods - both tangible as material objects and intangible as experiences, spaces or feelings. Students are encouraged to recognise and critically assess such discourses, and to use them to reflect on the diverse and multifaceted nature of contemporary Japanese society. With a starting point in Kyushu, the students spend a week with Kyushu University students developing individual research projects and taking level-appropriate language training. From there, groups travel via Hiroshima and small seaside communities to Osaka and Kyoto, experiencing these places as collections of contrasting neighbourhood and villages each with their own cultures of production and consumption. Students come out of their experience equipped with a more sophisticated understanding of Japanese society and culture, and the nature of production and consumption in a post-industrial, increasingly globalised world. ['discuss cultures of consumption in Japan;', 'critically examine the discursive frameworks around consumption;', 'relate such discourses to broader global challenges;', 'relate these challenges to their own field of interest or discipline;', 'deploy theoretical tools to analyse relevant case studies on topics provided or chosen for assessment.'] MKB3802 The professional services industry continues to grow and evolve as the world shifts to a service-dominate economy. ['identify the differences between product and services marketing', 'apply marketing concepts to the professional services context', 'develop marketing and service design strategies to address the unique challenges faced by the professional services industry', 'evaluate the effectiveness of marketing and service design strategies in managing the service experience']ATS2490 This unit aims to further develop students' professional communication capabilities, to assist students to apply knowledge and skills from an academic context to workplaces, and for students who have undertaken ATS1298, to refine the language and communication abilities learned in the first year unit. The primary focus of this unit is the development of an extended individual project focusing on analysis and development of communication in a current organization. Further professional writing skills are developed through the documentation of the project (pitches and briefs, bench-marking and final delivery reports, written and oral). As the expectations of communication in organisations and the modern world are also rapidly evolving, the unit is also designed to further students' conceptual understanding of key issues in professional communication such as multi-modal-literacy, inter-cultural communication, and changing practices of reading, writing and text creation. This knowledge will complement students' work in other media and professional communication studies as it enables a consistent and thorough approach to media text construction. ['design and develop an individual professional writing project;', 'analyse communication needs in an organisational context;', 'show an understanding of the principles of project design and documentation;', 'demonstrate a detailed understanding of professional communication issues in the contemporary global context;', 'present the key message of a project in various forms and situations such as an oral presentation, video presentation, text summary or media release.'] ATS2913 Students work through minimum of three key playtexts from within a given genre, tradition, period or national theatre. The unit entails a variety of approaches, encompassing historical, textual, comparative and social methodologies of analysing texts. Distinguishing features of the particular genre or tradition are studied in the context of the period and place from which the texts emerged. Consideration is given to how the texts were originally performed and how they have since been interpreted. ['possess an in-depth knowledge of the conventions of a given genre, period or tradition of theatre or performance and the conditions under which it arose;', 'have received an introduction to the ideas of key contemporary thinkers whose work bears on the interpretation and understanding of theatre and performance;', 'have an understanding of the relationships between theatres and their social and cultural contexts;', 'be able to employ a variety of approaches to textual analysis;', 'be able to take a critical historiographical approach to the contemporary reception of texts from different times and places;', 'be able to recognize and activate issues in the textual and performative interpretation of playtexts;', 'have applied understanding of the relationships between art and society - ethical, political, and expressive.']GMA2100 This unit encompasses key concepts and principles across four themes of the Bachelor of Medical Science and Doctor of Medicine (MD) curriculum: ['Comply with the code of conduct for Monash medical students', 'Use key ethical and legal principles to discuss issues pertinent to health care and clinical contexts.', 'Communicate effectively and appropriately with others (patients, peers, staff, and community members).', 'Interact appropriately and work collaboratively with others.', 'Identify, develop and use approaches to meet academic and personal challenges and needs\n\nTheme II - Society, Population, Health and Illness', 'Examine key social, economic and environmental determinants of health on status and outcomes in marginalised groups, including the Indigenous population.', 'Explain concepts in prevention science and approaches used in health promotion.', 'Explain concepts in population health, epidemiology and measurement of health and disease in populations.', 'Describe the role of health care services in maintaining health and in monitoring, managing and preventing disease.', 'Using prescribed methodologies search for and critique information from medical research literature and popular information sources.\n\nTheme III - Scientific Basis of Clinical Practice', 'Describe the structure and function of the human body at cellular, organ, system and whole body levels.', 'Explain biological, psychological and social factors pertinent to understanding human development, health, illness and behaviour.', 'Describe common and important illnesses, conditions and disorders', 'Explain fundamental pathological processes and causes underlying specified illnesses and conditions.', 'Describe drug classes and identify the use and actions of drugs in these groups.\n\nTheme IV - Clinical Skills', 'Elicit and summarise a structured, comprehensive and logical history in simulated environments.', 'Perform and summarise an appropriate examination for specified systems in simulated environments.', 'Propose and justify the reasoning for a differential diagnosis (list) at a basic level for specified systems.', 'Competently perform specified clinical procedures and tasks in simulated environments.', 'Identify relevant investigations for specified problems or conditions.', 'Outline a basic management plan for specified common problems and conditions.', 'Use principles for effectively communicating medical information to competent adult patients in simulated settings.']MEC4425 Introducing micro and nano-technology in the design of next-generation microelectromechanical systems, microfluidic devices and biomedical applications. Basic concepts and physics of small-scale systems are covered. Topics include: scaling effects, nanofabrication techniques, continuum mechanical theories, low Reynolds number flows, capillary effects and interfacial flows, flows in channels of arbitrary dimensions, convective-diffusive mass transport, electro hydrodynamics including classical double layer theory, electrophoresis, electro-osmosis, dielectric polarisation and dielectrophoresis. The course also focuses on device applications, specifically MEMS sensors and actuators and lab-on-chip devices, through hands-on laboratory sessions (held at Melbourne Centre for Nanofabrication). ['Exposure to the emerging fields of micro and nano technology, particularly for biomedical engineering', 'Thorough understanding of the physical behaviour of solids and fluids at the micron and nanometer length scales through continuum and molecular theories', 'An understanding of the difficulties in fabrication, manipulation, and imaging of components at the micro scale and beyond', 'An appreciation of the various fluid transport mechanisms in micro/nano channels or devices and physical interaction mechanisms in solids at the micro/nano scale', 'Knowledge in the design of micro/nano-electro-mechanical-systems and micro/nano-fluidic devices for various bio-applications\n\nTo develop the ability to:', 'Construct models of micro/nano components and systems', 'Solve the fundamental equations of motion governing the dynamics of such systems analytically, semi-analytically or using numerical techniques to understand their behaviour for prediction and design', 'Apply the knowledge provided in the course for the design of practical micro/nano devices', 'Know where and how to continue learning on advanced and/or new topics in micro/nano solid and fluid mechanics.'] SCI2400 This unit presents an insight into how science contributes to the development of a society through the eyes of astronomy. The unit uses some of the key astronomical discoveries to demonstrate a complex interaction between pursuing scientific knowledge and how such discoveries influence our society. We will start with the discoveries of Galileo Galilei in early 17th century and how they were influenced by the historical and cultural setting nurtured by the Medici and Lorraine families, the founders and rulers of Tuscany. We will then explore how the development of instrumentation for experimental demonstrations in the 18th century, such as planetariums, were used to popularize science among the public. We will then fast forward to the 21st century and tap into astronomy topics for which new telescopes, such as the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) and the advanced Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO), are still being constructed. The activities will be delivered through visits to museums and observatories, classroom discussions and research-based activities. Students will develop awareness of how scientific discoveries are created and propagated in an internationalised world. ['Discuss the development of some of the key astronomical discoveries', 'Discuss the importance of science to the human endeavour', 'Demonstrate research skills in an international cultural context;', 'Demonstrate oral and written skills, and construct evidence-based arguments through a collaborative project', 'Demonstrate an ability to work productively in an interdisciplinary team with other students.']MTE4571 This unit is expected to develop discernment of good and poor design and the close relationship between design, manufacture and material, with special emphasis upon practical materials identification and selection. It engenders an appreciation of the role and responsibility of the engineer in management of risk - be it economic or personal (through design, manufacturing and use). The role of materials identification and selection and the impact on function and environment is covered. In addition it looks at the role computers play in all facets of the current engineering environment, including the key areas of design, analysis, machining and robotics. It seeks to give students practical skills in these areas, in particular in the area of computer-aided drafting. ['an advanced understanding of design procedures and to develop discernment of good and poor design. Approaches to design, innovative versus incremental design, robust design. Design criteria, costing of materials and manufacture, and manufacturing technique', 'the ability to identify the materials used in the fabrication of a commercial appliance or product of materials. An understanding of rational materials selection from the reverse engineering of the product. The ability to identify the processing methods utilized to fabricate the product. The ability to evaluate alternative materials and processing methods for the product', 'selection of materials and understanding rational materials selection from a reverse engineering task.', 'an in-depth knowledge of the relationship between design, manufacture and material selection', 'using the above knowledge, the ability to undertake a prescribed design task as part of a design team', 'skills in project management', 'an overview of some of the computer-based techniques/tools prevalent in the modern engineering design environment', 'advanced skills in the use of computer-aided drafting and design (CAD)', 'a thorough understanding of the utility of mathematical model simulations to aid in design and processing of materials (computer aided analysis, CAA)', 'a knowledge of the use of computers in automating and increasing the precision of manufacturing (CAM).'] BFC5914 Topics include the credit risk assessment process; accounting fundamentals; reading financial statements (including ratio analysis); using budgeted financial statements (including breakeven analysis, what-if analysis and variance analysis); creative accounting; technical accounting update; business structures; current issues in insolvency and loan security. ['develop an understanding of the basic principles governing bank lending', 'develop an understanding of the framework within which bank lending decisions are made', 'develop an understanding of the analysis of financial statement of a company', 'develop analytical skills with regard to the management of credit risk and its measurement techniques', 'develop an understanding of new bank lending product development and its marketing', 'demonstrate in an individual summative assessment task the acquisition of a comprehensive understanding of the topics covered by BFC5914.']EAE3132 In this unit physical science of climate change processes will be briefly reviewed, followed by a focus on future climate, including discussions of climate models, projections, and impact scenarios. The unit will then discuss observed climate trends, including extremes, and associated impacts on the biophysical environment now and in the future (with a particular emphasis on urban environments). The second part of the unit provides a brief overview of the international policy frameworks for dealing with climate change and global and local mitigation responses. Finally, recognising that some degree of climate change is inevitable, the unit discusses climate change adaptation across various sectors, with a focus on urban climate adaptation. ["Describe the basic physics of climate change, the key leverage points for earth's climate, both natural and anthropogenic.", 'Discuss global carbon cycle, the critical roles of the oceans and biosphere, and the overriding impact of human perturbation on the natural controls on atmospheric CO2.', 'Recognise the roles of climate change and natural variability in current climate trends.', 'Explain the operation of climate models, their strengths, weaknesses and uncertainties, and the development of projections.', 'Describe the fundamental approaches to climate change mitigation along with a basic understanding of international policy on climate change including successes and failures.', 'Explain how both mitigation and adaptation are required to deal adequately with climate change.'] IAR3401 This unit provides an overview of approaches to the history and theory of interior architecture. The unit will also introduce methods for the written and visual analysis of interior architecture. The unit will investigate dialogues between history, theory and interior architectural design. ['Demonstrate a basic knowledge of the history and theories of the interior;', 'Develop a critical approach to the socio-economic, political and cultural contexts of selected interior architecture projects;', 'Identify and critique significant interior architecture projects and their contribution to contemporary interior practice;', 'Demonstrate a basic understanding of techniques applicable to the visual analysis of interior architecture;', 'Inform and integrate design processes with theories of the interior;', 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to the discipline practice.'] MGB2200 Business communication is designed to provide students with the skills and knowledge of communication in professional contexts. The unit emphasises organisational communication theory, its application to effective written communication, informative and persuasive communication, the role of verbal and non-verbal communication, and interpersonal skills in business teams and cultures. The underlying theme of the unit is to provide awareness of a range of professional communication skills required to meet 21st century career demands. Students will be provided the opportunity to develop and demonstrate a range of skills to assist in meeting communication challenges within organisations in preparation for employment. ['critically evaluate communication theories underpinning business communication', 'analyse the relationships between different business communication theories and concepts', 'demonstrate creative solutions to persuasive and informative business communication challenges', 'understand the roles of verbal and non-verbal communication and interpersonal communication in business contexts', 'develop professional writing skills for business, electronic communication and social media for business communication.'] ATS2170 This unit aims to develop students' intercultural competency and to foster their sense of global citizenship through academically relevant international experiences. Students will be required to undertake tasks which involve research and reflection prior to departure, during and after the conclusion of the in-country program elements. ['Exercise critical thinking and judgment in developing new cultural understandings;', 'Apply broad knowledge when analysing local context and program/project characteristics;', 'Exhibit cross cultural competencies and understand social entrepreneurship in diverse contexts;', 'Compare and contrast theoretical knowledge with in-country experience.']ATS3518 Building on the foundation of ATS2517, this unit will develop skills in fictional genre writing. Weekly lectures will engage students in principles of the craft and theory of writing short fiction in a range of fictional sub-genres, and a variety of short stories. In the congenial atmosphere of workshops, guided by relevant narratological debates and a selection of short stories as models, students will experiment with writing Realist and Modernist fiction; Historical fiction; Travel; Gothic; Trauma; and 'New writing'. The unit will pay attention to revising, editing and presenting a manuscript for publication. ['Been introduced to writing and reading in a variety of fictional sub-genres', 'Become better acquainted with the publishing industry', 'Developed their editing and revising skills', 'Written short stories in the genres of their choice for possible publication', 'Shared and responded to the writing of their colleagues', 'Developed their critical reading skills', 'Taken both inspiration and direction from prominent local writers', 'Related current critical debates about writing to their own work'] PAR5430 This unit introduces students to an advanced level of knowledge, understanding and skill related to the intensive care management of patients with respiratory conditions. ['Analyse the epidemiology of respiratory disease and construct a natural history of the pathology related to acute and chronic respiratory conditions;', 'Synthesise the epidemiology of acute and chronic respiratory diseases;', 'Formulate appropriate pharmacotherapeutic regimes using the relevant drugs available for the intensive care management of respiratory conditions;', 'Implement knowledge, skills and evidence based practice to professionally manage a respiratory emergency as an intensive care paramedic;', 'Formulate treatment pathways through the application of clinical decision-making frameworks and problem-solving;', 'Assess the benefits of pre-hospital intensive care and the related role of the Intensive Care Paramedic.'] VPR3002 This unit is the last and culminating unit in the Visual Practices sequence. In this unit students will focus on their chosen areas of interest reflected in their choice of workshops. Topics will include curatorship, arts writing and a range of contemporary art approaches. A high degree of independence, combined with advanced conceptual lucidity and prowess in the development of curatorial, collective and individual practices should be evident at this stage. Students develop final individual programs in conjunction with the lecturers that reflect their personal direction and evolving practice, that provide a bridge to the broader arts industry. ['Be strongly self-motivated, and able to construct a program of work derived from various workshops that reflect a coherent direction which imaginatively addresses their own concerns;', 'Be able to produce outcomes that display conviction, confidence and control in concepts and materials, or collaborative and curatorial practice and be able to isolate areas of their work that require further research and sustain a directed inquiry into these;', 'Deepen their understanding of current issues in fine art and recognise the potential to produce works or projects within the framework of contemporary culture;', 'Be able to produce outcomes that display advanced skills, confidence and control in theoretical concepts and materials or processes in their work;', 'Approach contemporary art practice and aesthetics with challenge and vigour, and be able to establish a personalised and informed discourse within the context of fine art practice;', 'Achieve a professional presentation and documentation of works in the final submission of their completed work, either practical or curatorial, and;', 'Independently practice the rules of occupational health and safety in force in the studio, and be able to collaborate and co-operate safely and productively within the studio environment with observance of the OHS&E; regulations and policies of the studio.']BMS5004 This unit will aim to develop students' knowledge and understanding of the fundamental organisation and functional principles of the brain. Current and emerging concepts relating to brain neural systems and complex behaviours will be highlighted to provide a contextual basis for discussion of the range of approaches and methods used by neuroscience researchers in studying normal and abnormal brain function and behaviour. Students will evaluate and review relevant research literature to further explore specific areas of neuroscience, from brain neural networks through to human and animal behaviour, and present this information in written forms, and via oral presentations and posters suitable for a conference presentation. ['Compile and recount advanced knowledge of relationships between brain processes and behaviour;', 'Apply problem solving and decision-making methodologies to discuss and analyse contemporary research and theoretical issues in key defined areas of neuroscience;', 'Explain the pathological mechanisms involved in specific neurological/neuropsychiatric disorders;', 'Review, analyse and communicate on a range of research tools and paradigms used in different domains of neuroscientific research;', 'Source, integrate and critically evaluate literature to synthesise the review necessary for a prototype application to study a particular problem;', 'Present, analyse and interpret data from a range of experiment types and discuss this in the context of current scientific literature.'] FIT3154 This unit introduces the problem of machine learning and the major kinds of statistical learning used in data analysis. Learning and the different kinds of learning will be covered and their usage discussed. Evaluation techniques and typical application contexts will presented. A series of different models and algorithms will be presented in an exploratory way: looking at typical data, the basic models and algorithms and their use: linear and logistic regression, support vector machines, Bayesian networks, decision trees, random forests, k-means and clustering, neural-networks, deep learning, and others. Finally, two specialist topics will be covered briefly, statistical learning theory and working with big data. ['describe what machine learning is;', 'differentiate kinds of statistical learning models and algorithms;', 'evaluate a machine learning algorithm in typical contexts;', 'describe and apply the major models and algorithms for statistical learning;', 'identify the most competitive algorithms for typical contexts;', 'compare and contrast the differences between big data applications and regular applications of algorithms;', 'describe the theoretical limits of learning.'] EAE4010 Students undertake a project, involving original research in one of the School's research themes, which encompass a diverse range of modern Earth Science topics, including: geochemistry, geochronology, geophysics, remote sensing, Geographic Information Systems, spatial data science, soil science, petrology, palaeontology, geodynamics, structural geology, tectonics, biogeography, physical geography, climate science, paleoclimate, hydrogeology, hydrology, ore deposits geology. A full list of projects will be made available to students prior to commencing their MSc program. ['Understand, use and explain the basic concepts and principles of the research literature which underpin the chosen area of research in Earth Science.', 'Synthesise and interpret the knowledge gained in the study of the underpinning research literature. This leads to the ability to identify a niche topic or topics within this existing body of literature, which represents a gap in current knowledge. This problem should be suitable for original research.', 'Advance our understanding of an existing problem or problems in the chosen area for original research.', 'Present the preliminary findings in a written report also present key results in oral form as a preliminary seminar.']NUR4113 This unit builds on the concepts covered in core units in years one (1), two (2) and three (3). ['Apply the Safety and Quality Improvement Framework in a variety of scenarios, using a person-centred approach;', 'Apply models of leadership and their contribution to the advancement of the profession, through the conduct of a quality improvement process;', 'Reflect on quality and patient safety outcomes drawn from clinical placement experience', 'Analyse the evidence for an identified area of nursing practice that would benefit from a quality improvement process;', 'Design a quality improvement program for an identified area of nursing practice;', 'Critically analyse literature and evidence supporting clinical and nursing practice', 'Evaluate the process of a clinical practice guideline development.', 'Appraise peer quality improvement programs using an evidence based evaluation tool'] ATS2160 The unit critically examines language, culture and society on the Korean Peninsula. The first half of the unit adopts a socio-historical perspective to look at the emergence of linguistic and cultural practices in Korea against the backdrop of over 2,000 years of history, starting with the Three Kingdoms period (57BC-666AD) and culminating with the annexation of Korea by Japan (1910-1945). The second half of the unit focuses on language and culture in the post-war societies of North and South Korea. The unit introduces major developments in the formation, distribution and projection of languages on the Korean peninsula, as well as accompanying cultural and historical changes in historical and contemporary Korea. Through specially prepared online materials, students will also learn basic facts about Korean history. The unit will provide students with the tools to look objectively at how language reflects the society we live in, and how language itself becomes an important marker of cultural identity. An important goal in the unit will be to get away from a monolithic view of Korean language and culture and encourage students to engage in critical analysis of the inevitable variation and change that characterizes linguistic and cultural practices. Through a variety of reading materials, students will be exposed to different approaches for analyzing language, culture and society. The unit will be conducted in English and will be open to students without any specific competence in Korean. ['identify important linguistic, cultural, societal and historical facts about the Korean peninsula;', 'critically examine the ways that linguistic practices on the Korean peninsula are connected to and indeed reflect society and culture;', 'critically read a variety of different texts on Korean language, culture and society;', 'engage in informed discussion of the different texts and contexts studied in the unit;', 'use appropriate theoretical and research tools.']CHM1011 CHM1011 has been designed such that some previous understanding of chemistry is presumed, but is also underpinned by a support structure for those who are relatively new to the subject. The curriculum focuses on general and physical chemistry principles which in turn complements the synthetic chemistry topics discussed in the subsequent unit, CHM1022. On completion of CHM1011, students will have gained an understanding of atomic structure, how atoms and molecules interact with each other and how this affects their bonding, reactivity, 3D structure and physical properties. A number of important topics such as stoichiometry, intermolecular forces, thermodynamics, kinetics, equilibria, and electrochemistry will be developed in order to prepare students for a deeper exploration of chemistry. The concepts developed within the workshops and tutorials are complemented through a laboratory program where students will have the opportunity to develop analytical techniques and design their own experiments to solve a range of chemical problems. ['Discuss the features of atomic structure and the construction of the periodic table of elements;', 'Interpret relationships between electronic structure and bonding;', 'Explore a wide range of molecular structures and investigate aspects of stereochemistry such as isomerism and chirality;', 'Distinguish between ideal gases and real gases;', 'Recognise factors which give rise to polarity and its relationship to intermolecular bonding;', 'Define the first and second laws of thermodynamics and apply enthalpy and entropy;', 'Discuss factors which give rise to chemical kinetics;', 'Apply acid-base chemistry in the understanding of dynamic equilibria;', 'Discuss the basic principles of redox reactions and electrochemistry;', 'Foster the acquisition of practical skills by exploiting an inquiry-based approach to the chemistry laboratory experience;', 'Communicate chemistry, and discuss the social and environmental responsibility of chemists in the global community.'] AZA3688 The unit provides an introduction to foreign policy or the behaviour of a state towards other states. The unit will help you understand how central governments of sovereign states relate to each other and to the global system in order to achieve various goals or objectives. The unit will achieve this by first providing a broad overview of the foundational international relations (IR) and theoretical approaches to foreign policy analysis. This includes studying various IR topics such as war, economics, intergovernmental organisations and diplomacy. Secondly, this unit examines historical and contemporary case studies of the foreign policies of major powers from Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle-East and North America, with an emphasis on American and South African foreign policy. Through these case studies, one will become familiar with the process of foreign policy making, grand strategies; and status quo and revisionist powers, amongst other topics. ['NA'] ATS2060 This unit introduces students to the art of teaching music performance, examining Australian curricula and the role of the music teacher in the advocacy of music education. Focusing on classroom and instrumental teaching, the unit examines and analyses various approaches to teaching instrumental music, both traditionally and creatively focused. ['Understand the main policies and debates surrounding music education in Australia;', 'Articulate the main methodologies of classroom, ensemble and individual instrumental and vocal teaching;', 'Critically evaluate the similarities and differences in music education practices internationally;', 'Articulate a personal philosophy of music education.']ATS3789 The unit provides a detailed exploration of the production practices, resources, technologies and genres of Video Journalism, including broadcast and online modes. It develops the key performance practices of voice presentation and interviews, image and sound recording, editing and post-production. It critically considers the implications for journalists of different modes of audience engagement and editorial positioning, including news, current affairs and feature/documentary genres. ['demonstrate an ability to identify and research a story, conduct interviews and gather appropriate research and actuality material in the audiovisual media;', 'demonstrate an ability to report in a clear, concise, accurate and engaging way using a variety of audiovisual elements and narrative conventions in a video environment;', "identify, observe key ethical and legal obligations associated with video journalism, and reflect critically on their own and others' performance in this regard;", 'work independently and collaboratively in learning and production processes, including online forums, to produce video journalism;', 'demonstrate an ability to set and meet deadlines, and report under pressure;', 'demonstrate an awareness of local, national and international people and events relevant to current issues and media issues;', 'demonstrate a critical awareness of the capacities, limitations and socio-professional implications of journalistic practices in audiovisual media.'] ACC2400 At the core of Accounting Information Systems is the idea that accountants must understand the core business processes that underpin the business activities in an organisation and generate transaction data. Thus, the objective of this unit is to provide students with a broad introduction to the core business processes. Further, given the role technology plays in accounting, with many accounting systems being computerised, other topics covered include: how hardware, software and human processes turn data into useful financial and non-financial information for decision making, methods for documenting and analysing business processes, principles of effective spreadsheet design, systems development and maintenance, and the need to understand internal controls in order to ensure (information and other) resources remain secure from losses through both inadvertent and malicious actions. ['examine the role of business processes and the use of accounting information systems in capturing and managing information that support the needs of stakeholders', 'analyse and evaluate the design of business processes and accounting information systems', 'explain the importance of internal controls and recommend internal controls that cover key business processes and support the achievement of goals', 'synthesise design principles to develop financial models that assist in decision making', 'apply critical thinking, problem solving and communication skills to analyse, evaluate and interpret business processes and the accounting data that is generated.'] ATS3116 The unit develops Indonesian linguistic and cultural proficiency through a focus on Indonesian writing and literature. The unit shows a particular concern with 'new' Indonesian writing but also positions this writing within its historical, cultural and literary context. Students engage with a range of literary texts and Indonesian language styles (e.g. youth, ethnic) and gain an understanding of why and how authors vary their language. Students also learn to critically analyze these Indonesian texts vis--vis literary and cultural conventions in Australia and beyond. ['analyse Indonesian writing within its historical, cultural and literary context;', 'critically read and analyse an Indonesian text in the context of Asian, Australian and global literature more generally;', 'apply critical translation skills to deepen their understanding of Indonesian texts;', 'appraise the diverse language styles of Indonesian and the way they serve as strategic, literary resources for writers;', 'use an expanded vocabulary set to produce and comprehend a range of national and regional styles.']FIT1044 This unit introduces the basic concepts and knowledge of mobile communication and mobile computing, and the principles of pervasive and ubiquitous computing. Mobiles in this unit does not only refer to phones, but to any connected artifact that is not fixed to a location. The Internet-of-Things is an important aspect. Themes covered include the evolution of wireless communication technology, and the nature and types of mobile devices and smart clients. Fundamental operational concepts of wireless communication, mobile data, mobile operating systems and mobile applications will be introduced. An overview of mobile standards and protocols will be covered, as well as an introduction to wireless languages. ['define and demonstrate the basic concepts of mobile communications;', 'identify and describe the implications and evolution of wireless communication and pervasive and ubiquitous computing;', 'identify, describe and illustrate the components and concepts of wireless communication technologies;', 'identify, define and differentiate the operation and processes of wireless communication;', 'differentiate, classify and distinguish between existing wireless network standards;', 'identify, classify and distinguish between different types of mobile devices;', 'identify, describe and illustrate the benefits and challenges of mobile communications e.g. propagation issues, interference, security etc;', 'define and explain the use of data in mobile communications I;', 'discriminate benefits and challenges relating to the storage of mobile data', 'appraise social aspects of mobile communication;', 'interpret and report on the impact of mobile communications.'] OHS1000 An introduction to occupational health, safety and environmental training within the context of courses within the Faculty of Art, Design and Architecture, together with an understanding of the historical perspectives and context of safety and environment concerns in the workplace. The difference between hazard and risk, and the process of risk assessment in workplaces. ['Have an understanding of the nature of health and safety in the workplace, community expectations, and the relevant legislation;', 'Be conversant with procedures for dealing with emergencies;', 'Have an understanding of the terms hazard, risk, risk assessment, and risk management, and an understanding of the procedures for assessing and managing risk;', 'Be able to identify the main types of hazard which may be encountered in studios and workshops - chemical, physical, and biological;', 'Have an understanding of the importance of controlling risk and how this is done.'] FIT5142 Advanced methods of discovering patterns in large-scale multi-dimensional databases are discussed. Solving classification, clustering, association rules analysis and regression problems on different kinds of data are covered. Data pre-processing methods for dealing with noisy and missing data in the context of Big Data are reviewed. Evaluation and analysis of data mining models are emphasised. Hands-on case studies in building data mining models are performed using popular modern software packages. ['explain the kinds of data from which knowledge can be mined, the way each data type can be presented to a data mining algorithm, the kinds of patterns that can be mined from each data type;', 'evaluate the quality of data mining models;', 'perform pre-processing of large-scale multi-dimensional data sets in preparation for data mining experiments;', 'perform data pre-processing for data with outliers, incomplete and noisy data;', 'compare the various learning algorithms and the ability to effectively apply suitable algorithms to mine frequent patterns and associations from data, to perform data classification, data clustering and regression analysis;', 'use modern data mining tools to solve non-trivial data mining problems;', 'research the current trends in data mining applications;', 'work in a team to extract knowledge from a common data set using various data mining methods and techniques.']MKF5403 An in-depth introduction to the critical thinking and planning required in the initial stages of a thesis or research project. Development of a literature review, research model and research proposal. ['develop an understanding of how to formulate a theoretical framework for a marketing problem/opportunity', 'provide an understanding and appreciation of qualitative and quantitative research techniques', 'provide an understanding of how to conduct data analysis', 'develop a comprehensive case study and a comprehensive research report', 'develop a capability of communicating research findings.'] MAE3407 This unit aims to develop an understanding of the analytical methodologies used in strength and stiffness assessment of aircraft structures. The unit will develop an understanding of the translation of aerodynamic and ground loading on aircraft wings and fuselage to the overall airframe. An understanding of the concept of structural idealisation and constraint will be developed along with real-world limitations. The principles of stressed skin construction will be considered in detail. The unit aims to develop an understanding of the analysis and design of structural problems common in the aerospace industry. It will provide students with the tools necessary to analyse aircraft structures. ['Describe the relevance of strength and stiffness aspects of aircraft structures and components, including stressed skin construction.', 'Select appropriate modelling tools and analytical methodologies to analyse structural aerospace problems.', 'Address the interaction between, often conflicting, requirements in the design of airframes i.e. aerodynamics, avionics and propulsion.', 'Interpret and translate real-world forces into abstract form for engineering modelling of airframes.', 'Manage the relationship between analytical methodologies and real-world aircraft design.', 'Design original solutions to new engineering problems in the aerospace industry.'] AMU3858 This unit approaches creative writing in terms of its status as a product of processes of experimentation (as distinct from personal expression). Students will explore a range of strategies for experimenting with forms and with themes through weekly exercises, investigations into theories from inter-disciplinary fields of study (e.g. communication, literary, film, gender/queer studies, etc.), and contextualised in varied social-political and cultural contexts. The major composition that is built on weekly exercises has a thematic focus that is student-driven and demonstrates the processes of researching, drafting and editing creative texts. The unit is oriented towards practical and critical application of advanced experimental strategies and thus emphasises the importance of research into literary, non-literary, fictional, non-fictional texts so that students can better appreciate the extent of originality of style and content of their work in relation to that of published authors. The unit is also oriented towards the production of effective and experimental writing, and the importance of reflecting on creative work through the critical techniques of exegesis. ['An ability to experiment with a range of writing structures and techniques, and to assess these writing strategies in terms of their effectiveness and creativeness;', 'Skills in researching and critically reflecting on writing projects, and an appreciation of the importance of the research and exegetical stages in the creative writing processes;', 'Skills in editing, proofing and preparation of copy for publication; advanced writing and reading skills as a member of an Internet writing group; and', 'A dossier of research, ideas for writing and examples of drafts and finished work at the end of the unit.']IDN3002 The aim of this unit is to prepare the student to demonstrate a level of competency enabling them to enter into the profession. The studio content focuses upon a student chosen design project that brings together all the learning and skill set acquisition that students have hitherto undertaken on the course. It provides the opportunity for students to demonstrate their capacity to integrate all aspects of Industrial Design project work into a holistic project; engaging design thinking, materiality, human interaction manufacturing, and communication that demonstrates professional competence. Students are encouraged to think creatively to identify a market or societal need, research and source relevant data, develop a product design specification and undertake the design of a product proposal under the supervision of academic staff. Project work is presented in folio format, documented for production. Final design proposals are also undertaken in detailed model or prototypical form where appropriate. ['Integrate technical, aesthetic and symbolic factors involved in an industrial design project;', 'Achieve a holistic design, which demonstrates professional competence and cultural awareness;', 'Interact with industry and source relevant data;', 'Research, select and specify components relevant to individual projects;', 'Prepare viable design solutions for volume manufacture in accordance with project criteria;', 'Demonstrate communication skills including the execution of detailed-scaled models or prototypes for presentation purposes;', 'Observe and employ occupational health and safety principles and rules appropriate to studio practice.'] NUR2229 The unit introduces students to the management of pain, oncology, palliative and end of life care, decision-making and psychosocial considerations. ['Critically reflect on key principles, philosophies and approaches that underpin the care of patients requiring acute or persistent pain management, oncology, palliative and end of life care;', 'Critically examine the role of nursing as part of the interprofessional team in pain management, oncology, palliative and end of life care;', 'Outline the pathophysiology related to pain, oncology and palliative conditions.', 'Describe the use of pharmacological and evidence-based complementary therapy options for management in pain, oncology, palliative and end of life care treatment and the common effects experienced by patients receiving related therapies.', 'Discuss the mental health considerations when providing care for individuals experiencing pain and receiving oncology treatment, palliative or end of life care', 'Apply knowledge of legal and ethical considerations to advanced care planning, advocacy and guardianship.']VCM4604 This unit aims to provide students with the knowledge to develop effective digital media communications. Students will investigate graphical user interface design and usability standards as they relate to the presentation of information in an interactive media context. An understanding of the principles that underpin User Interface Design, IA information architecture design and usability standards will be developed. Students will explore approaches to user interface and interaction design, develop advanced technical skills with relevant software and hardware, and formulate new responses to participation and experience ideas that are specifically oriented to digital media and its usability. ['Apply international standards and protocols related to digital media development;', 'Undertake a critical analysis of interactive media communication tools with a view to maximising the effectiveness of UX (User Experience Design);', 'Display an increased technical proficiency across the development, creation and production of digital media, using industry standard software applications in relation to multi-platform media design concepts and standards;', 'Develop solutions that effectively explore software and hardware in terms of information architecture, interaction design, usability, usability testing, quality assurance and maintenance in the application of interactive digital media;', 'Explore a range of approaches to User Experience Design with an increased understanding of processes, practices, methods and techniques for the production of interactive media systems; and', 'Observe and employ occupational health and safety appropriate to studio practice.'] ATS4256 This unit examines the archaeological methods and theory used to study the formation of ancient states. Taking Egypt as the example, it explores developments in religion, ideology and social structure over the period c. 4400-3000 BCE. The transition to statehood forms a critical stage in human history, adjusting the identity and arrangement of communities as they come together politically and geographically. The unit explores archaeological approaches that investigate the build-up of this process in a pre-literate context through an examination of ancient symbolism, iconography, material culture, environmental change and landscape use. ['Acquire an understanding of current archaeological methods and theories used in studying state formation.', 'Know the archaeological record of Predynastic Egypt.', 'Be aware of the impact of environmental change in social and cultural development.', 'Interpret archaeological data in the light of cultural tradition reflected in later literary material.', 'Understand current theories that explore the emergence of complex society in the Near East and how the Egyptian evidence might be interpreted in light of these theories.', 'Be able to present a sustained argument drawing upon a variety of data.']ATS3135 Through seminars, workshops and fieldwork this unit will examine how conflict has been represented, remembered and memorialised. The unit will have a specific focus on World War 2, the Italian Resistance, and the massacre of civilians in Tuscany and Emilia Romagna. The unit will consider how written and visual responses to these events, material forms of remembrance - monuments, memorials, museums, and cemeteries in, or within reach of Prato - each function to memorialise the dead and how in articulating political and national ideologies, such sites acknowledge and incorporate countervailing ideologies and the contradictory testimony of survivors. The unit will unpack, examine and critique the complex inter-relations between media, memory and war, exploring how in pursuit of specific political and cultural goals, memories of conflict are created, constructed and recovered through an array of artistic and memorial forms. Students will be invited to move beyond a purely theoretical understanding of these issues by visiting museums, massacre sites and their memorials, examining and critiquing their mediation and creating a critical/creative response to one such site. ['demonstrate an understanding of the history of the second world war in Italy and a detailed knowledge of the massacres on Monte Sole and their subsequent remembrance;', 'articulate an advanced understanding of the roles of literature, film, arts and other media in shaping dominant modes of remembering conflict;', 'demonstrate an informed understanding of the nature and functions of propaganda, how it has been employed to advance political and ideological imperatives and how it combines with specific media to frame the remembering of differing conflicts;', 'demonstrate a sophisticated grasp of how material forms of remembrance, monuments, memorials, cemeteries, places of commemoration, are informed by ideology and function as media;', 'apply an advanced understanding of theories of memory, histories of conflict and developments in the media to explore the complex inter-relations of media, memory and war in relation to the second world war in Italy and the massacres at Monte Sole.\n\nStudents taking the unit at 3rd year level will be expected to demonstrate a greater theoretical fluency, a broader grasp of the relevant cultural background and to take a leading role in seminar and workshop discussions and activities.'] LAW4127 The Unit examines the principles of freedom of association for workers, the right to bargain collectively and the right to strike in international law. Students learn, interpret and apply the legal principles in Australian domestic law that govern these rights, with the main focus on the Fair Work Act 2009 (Cth) and case law applying the provisions of that Act. The Unit also examines the functions, legal status and regulation of Australian trade unions. The control of unlawful industrial action by the common law and the secondary boycott provisions are also examined. ['appreciate the international sources of collective labour rights and assess the compliance of Australian law with specified international labour standards;', 'determine the extent to which Australian workers are impacted, if at all, by any non-compliance by Australian law with international standards;', 'understand and appraise the role of unions and assess the regulatory regime applying to Australian unions;', 'research and apply the Australian law taught in the Unit to new problems to resolve these problems;', 'debate and critically evaluate the need for, and the efficacy of, Australian law on collective labour rights.'] MKB2600 Tourism marketing provides students with a broad understanding of how key marketing concepts and theories can be applied to the tourism sector. ['explain the importance of marketing for the tourism sector', 'identify the marketing methods employed by the tourism sector', 'apply marketing concepts and theories to the tourism sector', 'analyse different marketing strategies within the tourism sector.']AHT3001 Art Writing and Criticism is a unit in the "practical" dimension of the study of art history. Students will explore the various registers, genres and venues in which the discussion of art is carried out today - from academic journals, magazines, newspapers to online. Students will both gain a theoretical perspective on these different approaches to the discussion of art and their various histories and themselves undertake a number of practical exercises in writing in these different styles and formats. Students will especially be directed to thinking what is the future of the discussion of art in the new age of the internet and the electronic media. What opportunities can they think of for themselves and others to put the art-historical knowledge they otherwise gain in their studies to practical use in the public arena? ['Identify and analyse the different places and formats in which the discussion of art takes place;', 'Demonstrate practical mastery of the various genres and styles of art writing;', 'Apply good work habits with regard to their own "art writing" practice;', 'Develop new venues and opportunities for art writing in the 21st century;', 'Employ new skills in online web publishing, graphic design and layout required to selfand other-publish online and in book and magazine production.'] BFW2341 Topics covered include multinational firms and globalisation; foreign direct investment; political risk; foreign exchange markets; currency derivatives (currency options and forward contracts); measuring and managing transaction exposure; cost of capital and capital structure for multinational firms; fundamentals of capital budgeting; international capital budgeting and exchange rate effects; international cash management; transfer pricing and international tax strategies. ['discuss the international financial environment and the importance of foreign exchange risk management', 'discuss important financial management issues and their application to financial management of multinational firms', 'discuss foreign exchange market mechanisms and explain how markets can be used to hedge foreign currency transaction exposure', 'apply capital budgeting techniques in the context of a multinational firm', 'apply critical thinking, problem solving and presentation skills to individual activities dealing with international financial management and demonstrate in an individual summative assessment task the acquisition of a comprehensive understanding of the topics covered by BFW2341.'] MTE5887 Additive Manufacturing (AM) of polymeric materials is an important manufacturing platform for the fabrication of functional and customisable engineered products. This unit will provide an overview of existing additive manufacturing processes such as 'fused deposition modelling', 'stereolithography', 'polymer jetting' and 'powder bed fusion'. Each of these technologies relies on the appropriate selection of a polymer and the fundamentals of different classes of polymeric materials will be reviewed. Advantages and drawbacks of existing and emerging AM technologies will also be discussed. The unit will also investigate examples of the use of these technologies for the design and fabrication of functional polymeric parts. The students will obtain practical skills in 3D printing of polymers, computer-aided design and processing of polymers for Additive Manufacturing. ['Recognise and distinguish between the different classes of polymeric materials used for Additive Manufacturing.', 'Select the adequate Additive Manufacturing process based on the functional requirements of the product.', 'Demonstrate in-depth understanding of additive manufacturing technologies.', 'Discuss in detail the factors that affect geometric properties such as minimum wall thickness, minimum feature size and/or minimum space between designed surface of 3D printed part.', 'Choose appropriate strategy for the orientation of a 3D printed part on the build platform and the generation of the support structure in order to minimise postprocessing activities.', 'Demonstrate practical skills in 3D printing of polymers.']FIT2092 Interactive media studio 2 consolidates the digital media skills introduced in Interactive media foundations and extended in Interactive media studio 1. The focus on the development of high level digital media skills in graphic editing, digital image manipulation and JavaScript equips students undertaking this unit to enter higher-level units in the major, minor and extended major. ['design and code web pages using HTML5 and CSS;', 'optimize images, audio, and video assets for online delivery;', 'create scripted animated content using web technologies;', 'implement web-based user interactions with JavaScript.'] OCC5080 Students will complete a range of on-line and workbook tasks while undertaking an 8 week, full time, fieldwork placement. In this placement they will consider their own role within human service organizations and apply and critique contemporary practice knowledge in leadership and management, supervision and mentoring, organizational behaviour, change management, organizational governance and service quality, professional development, and complex, program based multidisciplinary teams. A learning contract developed in OCC5070 will be used to guide fieldwork learning. Fieldwork provides students with the opportunity to develop, integrate and enhance their practice skills to reach an entry level of competence in occupational therapy prior to graduation. By the end of the fieldwork placement, students will be managing a caseload of clients independently. A portfolio assessment will be used to encourage reflection, a self-directed approach to learning and to provide a record of professional competencies as these are developing. ['Demonstrate professional attitudes and behaviours at the level expected of a new graduate occupational therapist as assessed through the SPEF-R;', 'Demonstrate autonomous and competent application of all stages of the occupational therapy process to the level expected of a new graduate in occupational therapy according to the Australian Minimum Competency Standards for New Graduate Occupational Therapists;', 'Reflect, develop and critique personal and professional learning using an electronic portfolio in preparation for professional accreditation, including opportunities for supervision and a plan for continual professional development that reflects a self-directed and life-long approach to learning;', 'Implement, critique and evaluate strategies to effectively meet own learning needs using a learning contract;', 'Provide effective occupational therapy service considering the broad political, legal and industrial issues in the workplace, profession and client group;', 'Critique and devise strategies to address the change management processes, human resource management and service planning and delivery structures within an organization;', 'Critique professional issues arising from contemporary practice as a result of organisational and team management, finance and partnering with consumer groups;', "Create an original scenario that highlights evidence-based occupational therapy intervention/s for a client or group in the context of a client's total service provision from an agency or organisation."] AMU1304 Television Studies: Forms and Approaches gives students an overview of the discipline of television studies. In the course of the semester students will use close textual analysis and key theoretical approaches to examine a variety of TV shows and popular TV genres, such as the Sitcom, Reality Television and Children's TV. Students will explore the main formal features that these shows possess, the reasons for their popularity and the ways in which they impact upon the broader social world. In addition, the unit looks at recent developments in television, such as the move towards viewing content online. As well as studying traditional television programming, students will engage with other forms of "small screen media", such as music videos and YouTube clips. ['Critically analyse TV shows by drawing upon skills in textual analysis;', 'Identify the main features of particular TV genres;', 'Apply theories developed in Television Studies to the analysis of TV shows;', 'Evaluate critical debates on television and on particular TV shows;', 'Plan and conduct written work on how meaning is created in TV shows.']BTX3650 Students will examine the role of law and regulation in the context of sport and policy. Topics include the regulation of labour, unions and collective bargaining, performance enhancing drugs and negligence in sport. ['identify the key forms of legal and non-legal regulation in elite sport', 'evaluate the role of internal and external regulation and regulatory actors in elite sport', 'understand how legislation and common law regulates sports leagues, governing bodies in sport and the labour of athletes', 'map the legal and non-legal regulation of major professional sports reviewed in the unit', 'identify and describe contemporary legal issues in elite sport.'] PAR5470 This unit involves the student operating demonstrating competency as a novice intensive care paramedic based in their local clinical environment and under the direct supervision or mentorship of a suitably qualified and experienced clinical teacher. The student will be supported to develop the skills, attributes and justified decision-making capabilities of a safe and competent novice intensive care paramedic. ['Reflect on their own clinical experience and identify and arrange suitable learning experiences to maintain ongoing clinical development as a result of the clinical experience in the field;', 'Demonstrate the development of clinical, professional and leadership capabilities from novice to a safe and clinically competent Intensive Care Paramedic;', 'Formulate a response to real life emergency problems from the initiation of emergency medical services; to assimilate information quickly and to communicate it clearly and unambiguously;', 'Apply theoretical knowledge and clinical skills to the emergency management of a broad range of cardiac conditions, medical conditions, trauma and environmental conditions in the adult and paediatric patient using an appropriate intensive care paramedic clinical problem solving and clinical decision making model;', 'Construct a culturally sensitive approach to the recognition and management of the reactions of patients and family to acute illness or injury;', "Reflect upon the operational and clinical aspects of intensive care paramedicine in the student's clinical context."] BTF5900 Students will conduct an original research project on a significant issue (or issues) in business law. Students will develop a research topic, undertake independent research and write a thesis. The research project is likely to have substantial practical outcomes or implications for the way business operates. An academic staff member will supervise the thesis. ['acquire high-level analytical legal skills and apply them to a research project on a business law topic of their choice', 'acquire in depth knowledge and a critical interest in a selected business law area', 'attain and demonstrate advanced legal research and communication skills and the ability to critically analyse legal issues', 'develop and further build upon general academic skills.'] MPH5313 This unit will examine foundation aspects of public health with a focus on contemporary challenges. Students will apply this knowledge to critically appraise initiatives to address complex health issues from a public health perspective, and will be expected to engage with current public health issues and communicate their ideas clearly and effectively. ['Describe the basic principles and tools of public health practice.', 'Examine the interdisciplinary and intersectoral relationships that contribute to public health.', 'Discuss a range of behavioural, social and cultural, environmental and political determinants of health.', 'Identify and appraise methods and application of disease prevention and control at a population level.', 'Define the principles of evidence based practice and assess their implementation across public health initiatives.']APG5717 Reviews the strategic role research plays in the tourism industry both globally and in Australia. Topics include, defining the research problem and objectives, analysing secondary data sources, qualitative and quantitative methodology selection, questionnaire design, fieldwork preparation, data analysis and presentation. ['To provide students with an understanding of the availability of secondary research data and an overview of tourism trends and research directions from both an Australian and Global perspective.', "To develop students' capacity to understand the basics principles of research design for both qualitative and quantitative studies and the role played by research in tourism strategic planning.", "To develop students' capacity to undertake an analysis of secondary tourism data.", "To develop students' written and oral communication skills.", 'To provide students with an understanding of how to conduct a primary quantitative research study including questionnaire design, data entry, analysis and presentation.', 'To provide students with an understanding of the applicability of the SPSS computer program to research in the tourism industry.'] AZA3643 In March 2004 the African Parliament was formally constituted - the first such pan continental parliament to be so formed. The path from colonies to independent states seeking to control their own destinies within the modern post-World War 2 international context has been a long and challenging one. Tracing developments from colonial regimes through the first independent states to the modern African states, we will see how men and women, political and economic elites, peasants and workers, religious and cultural leaders endeavoured to create new forms of meaning and power. Central themes concern the characteristics of African states, relationships between states, political parties and a growing civil society, developmental paths and the relationships between African states, their subjects and citizens and the complex cross-currents of wider international worlds from 1945 into the current period of globalization. ['A knowledge of the main events, processes, issues, personalities, ideas and politics in the modern history of Africa', 'An understanding of the relationships between African states and societies and wider global politics and international relations', 'Intellectual familiarity with the main theoretical and conceptual issues relevant to the Unit: colonization, decolonization, ethnicity, tribalism, nationalism, liberation movements, one party states, typologies of different forms of states (e.g. crisis, client, failed, gatekeeper and rogue), development and under development, civil society, the Third World and key terms in international affairs: i.e. globalization, unilateralism, bilateralism and multilateralism', 'An understanding of the main currents in wider political discourses, within Africa and internationally, concerning Africa in the modern world', 'An understanding of the main currents within academic debate, within Africa and internationally, concerning Africa in the modern world', 'Experience in working with and understanding the difference characteristics of various forms of evidence, both primary and secondary, documentary, oral and visual', 'Experience in conducting research using both primary and secondary sources', 'Improving oral, writing, presentation and debating styles\n\nStudents undertaking this unit at a third-year level will be expected to meet all these objective criteria at a higher level of demonstrable and proven competency than those completing the unit at a second-year level\n', 'Students undertaking this unit at a third-year level will be expected to meet all these objective criteria at a higher level of demonstrable and proven competency than those completing the unit at a second-year level']MID2000 This unit introduces students to the foundational knowledge required by midwives to effectively care for women and their babies from preconception through to early parenting. ['Explain in depth the normal maternal anatomical and physiological adaptations relevant to pregnancy, labour,\nbirth and the puerperium;', 'Apply the theoretical knowledge of the normal anatomical and physiological adaptations during pregnancy to\ndescribe a woman-centred approach pivotal to midwifery practice for women of all cultural backgrounds;', 'Explain the role of the midwife in assessment of foetal and maternal well-being during pregnancy, labour, birth and\nthe puerperium;', 'Recognise the importance of using evidence to inform clinical practice and implement developing clinical\nmidwifery skills in the appraisal of mother and baby during pregnancy, labour, birth and postpartum;', 'Describe the midwifery skills required to provide comprehensive physical and psychosocial assessments\nwhen providing maternity care for women and their babies across the childbearing continuum;', 'Differentiate the difference between screening and diagnostic tests and list the routine screening and basic\ndiagnostic tests in pregnancy, labour and birth assessment;', 'Explain the need for reflective practice in the implementation of evidence informed care;', "Demonstrate developing midwifery competence based upon the Nursing and Midwifery (NMBA) 'Midwife standards for practice';"] TDN2001 This unit introduces students to a range of sociological, anthropological and critical theories as applied to the production, consumption and exchange of designed objects, spaces, experiences and images. Students will develop their ability to analyse works of design from a range of theoretical perspectives and apply this knowledge to their own disciplinary contexts and practices. ['Understand and discuss key sociological, anthropological and critical theories of objects, spaces, experiences and images;', 'Critically discuss the systems of production, consumption and exchange that impact upon design;', 'Analyse works of design from a particular theoretical perspective, using the correct terminology and appropriate analytic emphasis; and', 'Present critical arguments in an informed and articulate manner, whether spoken or written;', 'Relate and apply theoretical content to own practice.']NUR1112 This unit introduces students to the structure and function of the human body together with pharmacological concepts to inform the development of key nursing and midwifery practice concepts. ['Identify and describe the normal structure and function of body systems including basic biochemistry and homeostasis as they affect health across the lifespan;', 'Describe the normal structure and function of cells and tissues, and the associated nursing and midwifery practice considerations;', 'Describe the normal structure and function of the central and peripheral nervous systems, the cardiovascular and respiratory systems as they pertain to a systematic health assessment;', 'Identify and apply the principles of accountable documentation in the recording of systematic health assessment data;', 'Outline the principles of pharmacology, pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics necessary for safe medication administration;', 'Apply knowledge of the nervous, cardiovascular and respiratory systems in the measurement and documentation of vital signs and undertaking an ECG;', 'Outline the supporting evidence for fundamental nursing and midwifery skills.', 'Demonstrate satisfactory performance of fundamental nursing and midwifery skills including assessment of vital signs.'] OHS1000 An introduction to occupational health, safety and environmental training within the context of courses within the Faculty of Art, Design and Architecture, together with an understanding of the historical perspectives and context of safety and environment concerns in the workplace. The difference between hazard and risk, and the process of risk assessment in workplaces. ['Have an understanding of the nature of health and safety in the workplace, community expectations, and the relevant legislation;', 'Be conversant with procedures for dealing with emergencies;', 'Have an understanding of the terms hazard, risk, risk assessment, and risk management, and an understanding of the procedures for assessing and managing risk;', 'Be able to identify the main types of hazard which may be encountered in studios and workshops - chemical, physical, and biological;', 'Have an understanding of the importance of controlling risk and how this is done.'] HCS5100 This unit will introduce students to theoretical and practical aspects of learning and teaching. After reflecting on their educational philosophy, participants will apply theories, concepts, terms and processes of curriculum design to their own learning contexts. ['Articulate a personal philosophy of learner-centred education', 'Describe and apply theories and concepts that inform educational practice.', 'Identify and apply principles of curriculum design, using simulation to meet learning objectives.', 'Debate contemporary issues in healthcare simulation', 'Plan, design, implement, assess and evaluate a simulation-based education programme', 'Describe and practice feedback and debriefing approaches to support participants learning following simulation activities', 'Analyse approaches to feedback and debriefing in healthcare simulation', 'Develop a strategy for further learning as a health professional educator.', 'Apply theories that inform educational practice to simulation design']CIV6884 The unit examines the general planning issues of integrated urban catchment management, followed by best management practices in stormwater management. Issues associated with the multiple objectives of urban stormwater management will be discussed in detail. ['apply strategic planning principles for stormwater management.', 'operate within existing legislation in the development of urban drainage designs.', 'develop urban drainage designs, which employ best management practice principles in selection and operation of individual components.', 'select and design treatment sequences that provide acceptable outflows to receiving water.', 'work both independently and collaboratively on complex urban stormwater problems.'] BEX5975 NA ['NA'] MKF5200 Evaluation of a marketing program is a critical ingredient of the marketing director's role. This unit examines various means of diagnosing, assessing, tracking and evaluating performance and modifying actions to improve marketing operations. ['conduct a comprehensive marketing productivity analysis using marketing audit models', 'determine the adequacy of the existing organisational information systems and marketing effectiveness measures', 'complete a strategic marketing policy review and design information systems to improve control and modify analysis procedures', 'present the audit approach (philosophy); key information issues, control and modification procedures to class', 'develop and adopt marketing audit model to suit circumstances.'] IAR4119 This unit builds on skills developed in previous studios and applies these to a range of focused projects that extend and explore transformational practices in interior architecture. In this studio successful project outcomes will be of an advanced level of complexity. They will provide an opportunity to integrate learning across the course with the development of responsive design practices. A number of focused studio projects will be offered. ['Respond creatively to design briefs of advanced complexity;', 'Investigate relevant concepts and precedents in design discourse and incorporate these into design proposals;', 'Demonstrate the resolution of competing needs during the development of a design proposal;', 'Apply design strategies with increasing awareness and independence;', 'Explore and communicate design schemes through appropriate modes of representation;', 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to the discipline practice.'] ATS1959 The unit will introduce students to a number of basic conceptual and practical issues in Chinese translation studies. It is aimed at improving students' intercultural and inter-lingual communication skills through various translation projects and critical reading of a range of different representations of Chinese translation works. The integration of classroom teaching and translation projects will encourage students to apply the basic translation skills they learn in the classroom to translation practice. Small group discussion encourages students to discuss some common conceptual and practical issues of translation among themselves. ['to have acquired a basic understanding of theoretical and practical issues in modern Chinese translation practice and studies;', 'to be familiar with some important techniques of translation between Chinese and English;', 'to have improved their intercultural communication skills between the two languages.']EAE3051 Palaeoclimatology is the study of changes to Earth's climate across the vast timescales of the entire history of our planet. This unit will examine the evolution of Earth's climate from the formation of our planet to the present. It will feature the history and context of humankind and how past changes relate to anthropogenic climate change. The unit will provide a foundation in key climate proxy records and the methods used to reconstruct the climate of the past. It will examine the physical processes causing past changes in climate. The unit will emphasise the cultivation of scientific creativity through flexible learning, active participation, workshops and practicals. The unit includes, where possible, a site visit to an ice-core laboratory, guest seminars from leading researchers in the field and the exploration of the latest data and technology in practicals and assessments. ["Describe the history of the Earth's climate system from the formation of Earth (4 billion years ago) to the present.", 'Illustrate physical, chemical and biological proxies of climate and know the techniques used to extract past climate information from these proxies.', 'Interpret past climate changes from reconstructions developed from palaeoclimate proxies. Appreciate and quantify the uncertainties in these reconstructions.', 'Discuss how climate has changed in the past and what have been the physical, chemical and biological processes causing these changes.', 'Use simple climate models to explain past climate changes.', 'Communicate clearly the key concepts of the unit across a range of styles and technologies using spoken, diagrammatic and written forms.'] ATS2359 Australia is the site of a remarkable diversity of systems of knowledge. Indigenous knowledge systems and systems based on western scientific tradition have often been seen as the most distant poles on a continuum that ranges from myth to science. Continuing research in Australia shows that Indigenous ecological knowledge on this continent is detailed, localised and grounded in empirical observations. In addition, Indigenous knowledge is embedded within a system of ethics that is oriented toward long-term productivity. It is usual to contrast Indigenous knowledge with non-Indigenous systems of knowledge and care in order to show their divergence or even, in many instances, their oppositions. ['To explore in depth the way in which people describe their relationship with country.', 'To explore the way in which environmental and biological knowledge is encoded.', 'To study ecological and scientific systems within the context of a culture.', 'To explore how language, history, tradition, material culture, spirituality, kinship, emotion and politics are all ways in which people negotiate a relationship with the environment.', 'To study the anthropological discourse with landscape and how knowledge about landscapes are encoded. This will involve issues such as kinship and ceremony, language and understanding ethnobiological zoological/botanical taxonomy in comparison to western Linnaean zoological and botanical taxonomy. The course will use actual case studies and will involve manipulating original material collected by the lecturer and other researchers.', 'Address the academic debates in relation to ethnoecology from the school of thought which places cognition at the forefront of this discipline to those that believe other issues such as culture, time and concepts such as tradition and religion also influence people and their relationship to the environment.'] BES4010 An in-depth introduction to quantitative research methods. This subject is one of two that together supply the research methodology skills and knowledge necessary for students to complete an independent research project at the honours level. It provides a comprehensive coverage of quantitative research methodologies. Topics include: survey studies/correlational field studies; forms of regression; analysis of variances; discriminant analysis; factor analysis; non-parametric statistics. ['gain comprehensive business-related research skills, including an extensive grounding in a range of quantitative research methodologies', 'gain the necessary quantitative skills to undertake independent research', 'develop effective report writing and communication skills', 'have the ability to comment critically on research publications.']AMU1328 The unit provides a critical introduction to the development of key journalistic concepts, research and practices in the production of original news stories in the print and online formats. This includes the social, professional and legal contexts for journalism production; the technical production and conventional narrative styles of news production for print and online journalism. The unit also examines two different formats of news production and the various factors that can affect the optimal choice of medium for reporting. Students will produce a critical evaluation of their own performance and provide constructive feedback for their peers. ['demonstrate an ability to identify and research a news story, conduct interviews and gather appropriate evidence in the print and online media;', 'demonstrate an ability to select an advantageous medium for presentation, and report in a clear, concise and factual way using news conventions in at least two media;', "identify, observe key ethical and legal obligations associated with print and online journalism, and reflect critically on their own and others' performance in this regard;", 'work independently and collaboratively in learning and production processes, including online forums, to produce print and online journalism;', 'demonstrate an ability to set and meet deadlines, and report under pressure;', 'demonstrate an awareness of local, national and international people and events relevant to current affairs and media issues;', 'demonstrate a critical awareness of the capacities, limitations and socio-professional implications of journalistic practices in different media.'] LAW4243 The primary function of taxation - to raise revenue to finance the operation of the state - gives rise to many issues which lie at the heart of the relationship between the citizen and the state and speaks to the nature of our economic, social and political system. Key issues include: ['Evaluate the role of taxation in the modern Australian state and within a market economy.', 'Critically analyse the Australian tax system from a range of policy and disciplinary perspectives including law, economics, politics and philosophy.', 'Critically assess the impact of key tax policy choices relating to the tax mix (ie the combination of taxes), tax base (what should be taxed), tax rates and taxpaying units (ie who should be taxed).', 'Assess the role of key norms and values such as equity, efficiency and justice in the tax policy debate.', 'Develop and apply an understanding of how debates in relation to tax policy affect the practical administration of tax laws. Develop and refine skills of policy analysis to interpret, synthesise and critically evaluate legislative provisions and case law from a broader policy perspective.', 'Demonstrate research and reasoning skills and professional judgement to generate appropriate responses to complex legal and policy problems', 'Effectively communicate complex ideas in oral and written form.', 'Collaborate with teaching staff and students in the development of an ongoing dialogue and critical assessment of the policy and legal issues within the Australian tax system.', 'Actively participate in class discussions and make use of feedback to strengthen knowledge of key issues.']CHE2871 This unit focuses on the study of living cells and biological molecules with an emphasis on their applications in chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Topics to be covered include cell biology and structure, fundamental biochemistry of proteins and enzymes, metabolic pathways and biosynthesis of metabolites, molecular biology including central dogma, genetic code, protein synthesis and practical examples of industrial applications. ['Relate the importance of biochemistry in industry.', 'Describe the role of basic cell components, the physical and biochemical properties of proteins especially in their roles as enzymes.', 'Relate the major metabolic pathway and the biosynthesis of economic importance of primary and secondary metabolites.', 'Relate the principles of storage and transmission of genetic information; the control mechanisms which operate at the level of gene expression; and their applications in industry.', 'Demonstrate laboratory skills, including basic cell culture technique; spectophotometric methods to assay proteins; gel electrophoresis analysis for proteins and DNA.'] BMS1062 Gene structure and function, including the genetic code and its interpretation, the assembly of genes and chromosomal organisation, and the basics of the genetic flow of information from DNA to RNA to protein. Mechanisms of gene expression and regulation, gene replication and repair, and the causes and implications of genetic mutations. Molecular genetics and recombinant DNA technology for the manipulation of genes. Genomics and its applications in medicine and principles of gene therapy. ['Explain the "Central Dogma", the genetic flow of information from DNA to RNA to protein.', 'Integrate the mechanisms controlling gene expression and regulation, gene replication and repair.', 'Describe and explain the impact of genetic mutation in health and disease.', 'Work individually and in teams to investigate recombinant DNA technologies and their applications in medicine and gene therapy.', 'Navigate databases to extract information on genetic material and protein structure.', 'Communicate in writing on concepts and theories in molecular biology.'] AZA2789 The unit provides an opportunity to undertake detailed examination of the production practices, resources, technologies and genres of video journalism. Examination topics covered include broadcast and online modes. It develops the major performance practices of voice presentation and interviews, image and sound recording, editing and post-production. The unit critically analyses and evaluates the implications for journalists of differing forms of audience engagement and editorial positioning, including news, current affairs and feature/documentary genre. In a South African and African context, access to certain technology/equipment will be required for this unit. Contact the unit coordinator for details. ['Identify a television news or current affairs story, research and prepare a brief;', 'Shoot, interview, script and edit a television story;', 'Demonstrate the ability to successfully undertake individual and group work;', 'Analyse and evaluate key ethical and legal issues and obligations associated with television reporting, particularly as they apply to the South African and African contexts.', 'Demonstrate the capacity to apply basic professional standards to production and presentation of television news.'] IDE4117 This unit is the first part of a major industrial design project. The unit provides an opportunity to research issues, undertake conceptual designs and develop refinements on the basis of the advanced attainment achieved at the end of the third year. Students should be particularly concerned with the development of their personal design philosophy, the way in which it responds to social needs and its visual and social expression as a preliminary to its virtuoso development in the major project. The contemporary discourse in industrial design and related theory is actively discussed and debated, with students encouraged to develop a personal position relative to it. ['Demonstrate a capability to research and explore the full range of issues to be considered in an industrial design project;', 'Be able to practice industrial design to a high standard of professional competency;', 'Be able to relate their work to contemporary discourse and seek to extend its boundaries through their design work;', 'Be able to defend their chosen direction in the major project against informed criticism;', 'Have a base of knowledge, understanding and capability necessary to undertake their major project;', 'Be capable of organising, developing and planning methodologies associated with the major project which will help to successfully determine a viable outcome;', 'Observe and employ occupational health and safety principles and rules appropriate to studio practice.']AMU3449 This unit looks at the influence of social media in the 21st century, and focuses on how key technologies require new literacies. It will explore the continuities with, and divergences from, previous media forms in terms of everyday practices, entertainment, politics, and market-related contexts. ['Explain and demonstrate how social media influence human interactions;', 'Use different software for explaining and expressing ideas, concepts and arguments;', 'Work in a team to plan and execute a social media oriented research project;', 'Use relevant theories and concepts to critically assess the place of social media in society;', 'Contextualise and explain how mobile media relate to diverse global cultural, social, political, and economic contexts.'] PAR5420 This unit introduces students to an advanced level of knowledge, understanding and skill related to the intensive care management of patients with chest pain. ['Explain the epidemiology of cardiac disease', 'Systematically Interpret common ECGs and relate waveform morphology to the underlying structure and function of the heart;', 'Formulate appropriate pharmacotherapeutic regimes using the relevant drugs available for the intensive care management of cardiac conditions;', 'Implement knowledge, skills and evidence based practice to professionally manage a cardiac emergency as an intensive care paramedic;', 'Assess the benefits of pre-hospital advanced cardiac life support and the related role of the intensive care paramedic;', 'Evaluate how community emergency health practitioners might relate to and coordinate with coronary care units in the management of patients with emergency cardiac conditions.'] FIT5125 The aim of this unit is to prepare Masters students in the Faculty of Information Technology to conduct research across the range of IT disciplines, including computer science, software engineering, information systems and information management. ['identify and explain major research philosophies and paradigms;', 'design rigorous and ethical Masters level research projects and develop project proposals;', 'evaluate and select research methods and techniques of data collection and analysis appropriate to particular research designs, projects and disciplines;', 'conduct ethical research;', 'communicate research findings in written and oral form in research and industry settings;', 'critically review research literature, research design and reported findings;', 'apply research skills to operate effectively as a member of a research project team.'] ATS1904 This unit introduces students to how literature produces ideas and meanings about the world. By focusing on the relationship between literature and the city, this unit also introduces students to the important notion of literary forms and genres. In this unit, students will be encouraged to explore the concept of a literary text by analysing and studying a range of texts from different genres, which might include the short story, the novel, poetry, drama, the essay, graphic narrative and inter-generic writing, all to do with theme of the modern city. The texts will be taken from different historical periods and cultures. ['engage with and discuss the meanings and ideas of literary texts;', 'understand and appreciate the role of genre in literary studies;', 'understand the ways in which literature engages with broader social, cultural and historical contexts;', 'demonstrate discipline-specific written and oral skills;', 'demonstrate the ability to critically analyse literary texts;', 'demonstrate some theoretical awareness and good research skills in analysing literary texts;', 'demonstrate some creative writing skills (for creative writing stream students only).']OCC4141 This course is about occupational therapy for children with neurodevelopmental disabilities and their families. Etiology and epidemiology of conditions will be reviewed. The impact of accommodating the significant needs of a child with a disability in a family will be described and the impact on family member's and occupational therapy service delivery will be explored in depth. Students will learn about occupational therapy methods using the International Classification of Functioning and Disability (ICF) and family centred practice. Learning will be experienced in the online classroom environment and students will examine several case studies in detail. ['Compare the WHO ICF, Social model of disability, the premises of the United Nations Charter on the rights of the child and occupational therapy practice for students with neurodevelopmental disability.', 'Evaluate the impact of culture and environmental influences on the capabilities and participation of children with neurodevelopmental disability.', 'Accurately describe the most common causes and co-existing conditions that occur with a diagnosis that results in developmental and functional challenges.', 'Design an occupational therapy program that is appropriate for a specific child, from the perspective of one of the major approaches that facilitates the participation of children with neurodevelopment disabilities in daily life.', 'Evaluate impairments of body structure and function in children with developmental and functional challenges.', 'Evaluate a child with a motor challenge who has limitations in self care, leisure and play skills and preschool or school related productive occupations.', "Select appropriate occupational therapy intervention to improve a child's capabilities in childhood occupations.", "Develop learner centred goals and explain the occupational therapy management options for improving the child's participation in home, school and community life.", 'Demonstrate creation of family centred occupational therapy goals and home programs, including professional report writing skills appropriate to the needs of parents.', 'Critique evidence based practice approaches to occupational therapy children with neurodevelopment disability.'] SWK3440 This unit will introduce students to an understanding of leadership in the human services in Australia as a requirement for social work practice, one that is not always understood or accepted professionally. The human services sector is expanding in the numbers of its component organisations, both governmental and non-governmental, and in the size and complexity of the component parts. Leadership of social change and social justice in the human services is now at a premium, having been given little attention in the past or currently. Little is known of leadership requirements in this sector particularly as contrasted with other service sectors. Students undertaking this unit will be introduced to theories of leadership of human-service organisations, their programs and policies, and leadership of the new organisational phenomena in this sector, large community service departments, non-governmental consortia, and advocacy organisations. They will also be introduced to other notions of leadership in social work - leadership through research, advocacy and community action. ['Describe leadership within a professional social work framework through analysis of historical and current leadership examples from the human services sector.', 'Critically analyse theories of leadership for the human services in Australia.', "Contrast leadership theories with selected leaders' experiences and identify and analyse the differences.", 'Articulate where leadership opportunities and responsibilities exist within the human services sector.', 'Identify the components of leadership in the human-services sector and the distinguishing features of leadership in the human services field.']ACW3491 This unit covers advanced practical accounting issues and the recommended accounting treatment prescribed by the underlying theories and conceptual framework of accounting. The extended knowledge of the regulatory bodies and the views of the accounting profession are blended into the contents of the unit. ['critically analyse how standard setting procedures and theories of regulation are formulated and their contribution to financial reporting globally', 'apply the definition and recognition criteria for elements of financial statements and examine the associated issues', 'apply accounting standards and the conceptual framework in the preparation and presentation of financial statements and the capital market', 'examine contemporary financial accounting issues', 'apply critical thinking, problem solving and presentation skills in dealing with advanced reporting issues and demonstrate in an individual summative assessment task the acquisition of a comprehensive understanding of the topics covered by ACW3491.'] PSY5162 This subject reviews the neuroanatomy of the human brain and spinal cord at the level of detail required by the practicing clinical neuropsychologist. Emphasis is placed on structure-function relationships, and how different brain regions interact to regulate complex cognitive skills. Students also learn about the clinical neurological examination and neuroimaging, with an emphasis placed on what these methods allow us to infer regarding underlying neuroanatomy and lesions. In addition, students will learn about neurogenetics, and how genetic disorders link to variations in neuroanatomy that underpin behavioural manifestations of these neurogenetic disorders. Students learn: ['Identify the major components of pathways associated with smell, vision, hearing, touch, balance, taste, movement, memory, emotion, and language.', 'Be familiar with the external anatomy of the brain, to be able to name and identify each part and describe its contribution to behavioural and cognitive function.', 'Be able to identify the main subcortical nuclei and their functions.', 'Be able to identify the fibre tracts in the brain and spinal cord and describe their function.', 'Be able to identify each major blood vessel in the brain and describe the functional consequences of infarction for each vessel.', 'Be fluent in the terminology used to navigate the brain and describe brain structures.', 'Be familiar with neurogenetic disorders and their manifestation in brain anatomy.', 'Be knowledgeable about the clinical neurological examination and how neurologists denote and interpret their findings.', 'Be familiar with the most common forms of imaging relevant to clinical neurology and neuropsychology.', 'Have a view of how cognition and behaviour are implemented in neural tissues from the cellular to systems levels of analysis.'] ATS2324 The unit looks at the divide between climate science communication and the media coverage of climate change. It examines six barriers to the successful communication of climate change: the nature of climate change itself, the nature of scientific cultures, the denialist industry around the world, concentrated media ownership in Australia vs social media, the particular culture of environmental reporting in Australia, and the denaturing of experience that results from urban life. ['explain the relationship between political climates and media power in the communication of climate change in Australia;', 'discuss the levels of climate literacy that exist within Australia compared to other nations around the world;', 'recognise which aspects of the science are included within climate reporting and which aspects are omitted;', "apply key media frameworks for mapping the 'media ecology' of climate change communication;", 'evaluate of the efficacy of social media in communicating climate change.']ATS3284 This two-week intensive study abroad unit explores the modern history of European Jews before the destruction. Students will travel to the major centres of interwar Jewish life in Italy, Germany, Poland and Lithuania, and encounter the diverse heritage of Jewish life in each country. The unit will explore issues central to this period and the individuals who shaped their times. Students will visit museums, synagogues, cemeteries, destroyed ghettos, and sites of mass murder such as Auschwitz-Birkenau. We will ask what remains of the past, by looking at the ways in which the lost world of European Jews is being memorialised and renewed through tourism and return. ['the capacity to locate the development of modern Jewish life in the context of modern Europe', 'a demonstrated ability to evaluate the social, political , economic and intellectual concerns of the inter-war community', 'an understanding of the institutions and individuals that shaped the interwar European Jewish communities', 'the capacity to describe and analyse the diversity of Jewish communal life and cultural expression in interwar Europe', 'an understanding of gender and class issues within the framework of the interwar European Jewish communities', 'an understanding of the significance of Yiddish as a literary and cultural phenomenon', 'a broader appreciation of the social history and cultural differences in Europe gained through study abroad', 'In addition, students at fourth-year level will have a familiarity with the primary sources and an appreciation of the historiographical problems involved in reconstructing a history of these destroyed communities.'] EAE4064 This unit will enable students to develop the skills required to conceive and deliver an applied research project in environmental earth science. Students will develop and carry out a research project in collaboration with other students on a key topic that is of relevance to industry, government or non-government organisations. The topic will be chosen by the students from a list provided by the unit coordinator. This unit will allow students to develop their research skills in earth sciences while working in team in developing a research project, formulating hypotheses and aims, collecting and analysing data, and interpreting and describing the implications of the results. The presentation of the final results will develop presentation and written skills. ['Develop a project proposal with appropriate research questions, aims, hypotheses and methodological approaches', 'Critically review the literature relevant to the project.', 'Generate, analyse and interpret data using appropriate data analysis methods', 'Communicate the findings, implications and limitations of the project in the broader scientific and social context in a clear and professional manner, in written and oral forms.', 'Collaborate effectively with their peers.'] NUT3007 This unit allows students to undertake a work placement within their degree discipline for 12 weeks. The work placement will provide students with the opportunity to gain practical experience in real-life settings. Students will undertake approved projects for an employer, which will contribute to the organisation and facilitate the development of work place skills and application of knowledge to a practical situation. Students will develop understanding and skills relevant to job planning, time management and the requirements of working with others in a position of responsibility. To receive academic credit, students must complete the work tasks assigned to them as part of their placement. They must also complete a series of academic assessment tasks under the joint supervision of a representative of the sponsor and an academic from the Faculty. ['Accept responsibility for and manage, implement and evaluate their personal and professional development and show a commitment to life-long learning.', 'Demonstrates insight and makes plans for continuous professional development in collaboration with peers and mentors to advance learning in Nutrition Science.', 'Use negotiation, teamwork and conflict resolution skills to promote best practice.', 'Critically evaluate relevant scientific evidence, communicate and apply findings to practice.', 'Create solutions which match and solve problems identified in professional setting.', 'Adopt effective project management, team work and communication skills and work effectively within the placement organisation.', 'Adopt a questioning and critical approach in all aspects of project work.', 'Organise, establish and document data, process and communication on a nutrition science issue into written reports and oral presentations to acceptable professional standards.']MGF5923 This unit assists students to understand how the public policy process operates and the role of stakeholders in policy development. Public policy process theory is discussed in the light of specific cases, and related to a broad range of practitioner experience. Case studies in Australian public policy will be analysed within this course. ['define a range of models and theories that help explain how public policy is made', 'analyse the role of government institutions and processes in policy making', 'analyse how governments engage with stakeholders in public policy processes.'] MCE5101 This unit will provide information about the major causes of male and female infertility. ['Discuss male and female causes of infertility', 'Compare hormonal stimulation protocols utilised in ART', 'Explain the different treatment strategies associated with infertility', 'Describe the treatment options for patients with specific infertility causes', 'Identify the support systems available to patients undergoing ART treatment', 'Create an innovative way of communicating scientific information to patients new to the ART process', 'Use appropriate statistics to analyse data in reproductive science'] AZA1264 The unit investigates how the law and public policy should respond to advances in medicine and biotechnology. The unit adopts a global perspective but looks at issues through a South African and African lens. Issues that are and covered includes: whether employers and insurance companies should be permitted to discriminate among applicants on the basis of their genetic profile; whether the law should protect individuals' genetic privacy or whether we have a duty to share our genetic knowledge; whether the law should act paternalistically to prevent people from harming themselves; whether people who are partly responsible for their own bad health should receive lower priority of care in hospitals, or whether advances in knowledge in the biological bases for behaviour give us reason to doubt individual responsibility. These issues are linked to the situation regarding bio-technology in South Africa and Africa in general, with particular reference to some of the ethical dilemmas encountered within this context. ['familiarity with the key philosophical approaches to discrimination, autonomy, responsibility and equality as they apply to debates within bioethics and relating these approaches to the South African and African context;', 'skills enabling them to think critically about key ethical, policy and legal issues raised by recent advances in medicine and biotechnology;', 'the ability to make informed judgements about those ethical, policy and legal issues.', 'be able to critically assess the situation in South Africa and its accompanying ethical dilemmas as it relates to bio-technology.']NUT5002 This unit is predominantly a fieldwork experience that will challenge students to integrate their academic training and to synthesise knowledge into a practical public health nutrition project based in the community setting. The unit requires students to manage a project that addresses a public health nutrition issue. Students will participate in program planning within a work environment and provide tangible benefit to their participating organisation. Students will be responsible for designing a project, collection and analysis of data and synthesis of findings into a report. Principles of information evaluation, workload management, communication, teamwork and responsibility for project management will also be developed. ['Apply the social, environmental, economic and political determinants of nutrition status to a priority public health nutrition area.', 'Plan, implement and evaluate systems based, population health approaches and solutions to priority nutrition issues.', 'Apply the research process using appropriate methods of collection and analysis for both qualitative and quantitative data.', 'Contribute to an evidence-based, population approach to improve population nutrition health in a community setting.', 'Advocate for policy change to benefit health and nutrition outcomes for populations.', 'Employ critical and scientific writing and communication skills to document and report findings of project in professional and scientific fora.', 'Practice professional leadership to promote the role of nutrition.', 'Establish effective working partnerships, networks, collaborations with a range of team members and stakeholders.', 'Adopt a questioning and critical approach in all aspects of practice and evaluate practice on an on-going basis.'] BEX5800 This unit provides an overview of the strategic, economic, political and legal environment in which business operates at the global level. It considers the role that individuals, organisations and governments play in the operation of the market both domestically and internationally. The focus of this unit will be to investigate the political economy of the contemporary world and the context that underpins managerial decision making. To this end, students will examine the myriad of global and domestic issues challenging the pursuit of sustainable business practice as a precursor to more specific units that help inform the management of business operations. ['introduce students to a preliminary overview of the economic, legal, political and social environment in which business operations are managed', 'illustrate the interaction that takes place among individuals, organisations, and governments in determining business outcomes', 'facilitate an understanding of the role of globalisation in relation to the growth and interdependency of economies', 'provide an understanding of how technological disruption and innovation allow for the development of capabilities that provide value for business', 'assess the need for business to be ethical and socially responsible', 'apply critical thinking to case-based analysis.']AZA4810 The unit explores the emerging international framework for civil and human rights since 1945. The relationship between universal notions of justice and differences of gender, culture and belief, and potential differences between local and global understandings of 'rights' are looked at through an African lens. Specific issues such as women's rights, freedom of speech, capital punishment, economic justice, unfair trade, poverty, and migration are discussed within the framework of African-specific case studies. In addition, the unit examines the development of global movements and organisations, new technologies and tactics of protest and the formation of virtual communities of activism. ['a comprehensive understanding of the key intellectual and political debates about the nature of justice, civil rights and human rights on a global scale, as well as the relationship between universal notions of justice and rights and arguments about difference and diversity;', 'a thorough grasp of the key differences and similarities in the arguments, objectives, strategies and outcomes of significant campaigns for justice and rights during the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, of the links and tensions between local and global campaigns and movements, and of the development of global civil and human rights frameworks;', 'knowledge of the unique challenge that political and cultural debates in Africa pose to the development of civil and human rights frameworks.', 'strong skills in the critical reading of a variety of texts, including contemporary documents, polemical literature and campaign material, the academic scholarship based upon those texts and the theoretical and conceptual debates about justice and rights;', 'strong skills in critical oral and written assessment of the academic scholarship, including methods, assumptions and uses of evidence, and in organising and defending a verbal and written argument based upon those assessments;', 'a capacity to devise, plan and successfully complete a detailed case study, including significant documentary research, that evaluates the significance of a particular campaign, organisation or issue; and', 'a capacity to reflect upon and make critical use of a range of resources including, where relevant, on-line materials, film and visual images.'] MGM5966 An understanding of major internationalisation theories and its practical implications on international firms; the planning requirements in going international and management issues that arise in an international setting. ['define the concept of international business from a multi-disciplinary perspective', 'explain the diversity and complexity of the international business environment', 'provide a historical overview of the evolution of the international business phenomenon', 'discuss the economics and politics of international business transactions', 'analyse the concept of globalisation and its impact on businesses worldwide', 'describe the firm internationalisation process', 'examine the economic, social and political implications of multinational corporate activities', 'extend awareness of global issues based on current affairs and their implications for international business.']ATS3266 Washington D.C. is the headquarters of the majority of the world's international organizations. This unit comprises a two-week stay in Washington D.C. It aims to provide an intensive study tour of Washington D.C., allowing students to visit complex international public policy-making in major global governance institutions, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and leading think tanks, as well as hear from practitioners of international relations. Students will learn about the objectives, policy practices and ethical, legal and financial obligations of a range of institutions operating in the Washington D.C. area. Visits may include international finance and banking institutions, international organisations focused on security, development and/or the environment, international NGOs, and American federal political organisations and institutions. ['Students who complete this unit successfully will gain first-hand experience of the work undertaken by policy makers and key institutions in Washington, D.C, USA;', 'Students will develop an understanding of the complexities and challenges associated with the formulation of international public policy;', 'Students will become acquainted with the structures and processes of contemporary global governance;', 'Students will comprehend the nature of international public policy research and reporting;', 'Students will gain an understanding of the social, cross-cultural and ethical objectives and implications associated with international public policy implementation.'] ATS2094 A communicatively oriented German language course. Specifically, students will work through a range of topics including the world of fairy tales, education, work, crime, personal relationships, migration and the environment. ['a basic understanding of the main periods, styles, genres, intellectual preoccupations and socio-historical trends in modern German literature;', 'the ability to recognise and analyse a variety of texts in accordance with the categories of genre, style and epoch;', 'reading skills necessary to understand intermediate German;', 'basic essay-writing skills and an ability to engage in informed discussion of German culture, using appropriate terminology and applying the range of language skills pertinent to component 1.'] RAD4503 The physics of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is presented, with particular application to clinical diagnostic imaging. ['Justify the physical design and operational requirements for a typical clinical MRI system', 'Explain the imaging parameters that define the contrast sensitivity in MRI', 'Evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of gradient and spin echo recovery techniques', 'Present logical arguments for use of different contrast agents in clinical practice', 'Justify the reasons for precautions that are taken in MRI to ensure staff and patient safety', 'Recognise deficiencies in images, such as reconstruction artefacts, identify the cause of such problems, and implement strategies to correct or attenuate image artefacts']BTH3741 The unit examines the pathways by which cells receive external information and process this into specific biochemical responses. We begin with a survey of different mechanisms of cellular signalling and their roles in 'normal' cellular activities and overall homeostasis. A diverse set of cellular processes is studied and the normal control mechanisms highlighted. This is followed by investigation of the dysfunction of signalling mechanisms in several disease states. Topics covered are: the cell cycle, apoptosis, haematopoiesis, atherosclerosis and HIV/AIDS. The aim is to demonstrate to students that dysfunction or inappropriate cellular signalling plays a key role in the pathogenesis of many common disease. Methods of clinical diagnosis are introduced and incorporated into the laboratory work, which is designed to illustrate concepts of the theory. ['Describe a range of cellular signalling mechanisms;', 'Explain endocrine control of cellular processes;', 'Discuss the dysfunction of cell signalling mechanisms in several common disease states;', 'Discuss the role of biochemical and spectroscopic techniques in the diagnosis of disease;', 'Plan and execute complex biochemical laboratory procedures and interpret data acquired;', 'Demonstrate basic competence in the safe handling of hazardous biological materials.'] IAR3118 This unit builds on skills developed in previous studios and applies these to a range of focused projects that extend and explore transformational practices in interior architecture. In this studio successful project outcomes will be of a high intermediate level of complexity. They will provide an opportunity to integrate learning across the course with the development of responsive design practices. A number of focused studio projects will be offered. ['Respond creatively to design briefs of high intermediate complexity;', 'Investigate relevant concepts and precedents in design discourse and incorporate these into design proposals;', 'Demonstrate the resolution of competing needs during the development of a design proposal;', 'Apply design strategies with increasing awareness and independence;', 'Explore and communicate design schemes through appropriate modes of representation;', 'Understand and apply the rules of occupational health and safety appropriate to the discipline practice.']NUR5202 Relationships between computers, information technologies and the provision of nursing care. Contemporary issues in nursing informatics. Skills in the use of information technologies in health care settings enabling participants to act as a conduits, facilitating and enhancing communication between and among clinicians, technicians, information systems personnel, health care executives and systems vendors. Issues of privacy, ethics, confidentiality and network security. ['Demonstrate an in-depth understanding of how specific software application (e.g. word processing, spreadsheet, database, presentation and statistics) may be applied to nursing practice, education, administration and research;', 'Describe the role of database, communication and network technology in the development, implementation and utilisation of information systems;', 'Evaluate current trends in communication and network technology and their impact on Health Information Systems;', 'Analyse and evaluate a number of information sources such as CD-ROM databases and websites related to nursing knowledge in general and specifically to Nursing Informatics;', 'Demonstrate an ability to competently utilise communication applications such as email, newsgroups, intranet and Internet audio/video technology and evaluate their benefits to health care;', 'Outline the role of various computer architectures in the provision of Information Systems;', 'Analyse a number of networking structures and topographies;', 'Understand issues related to informatics ethics, privacy and confidentiality;', 'Evaluate the role of network security in maintaining information system integrity;', 'Analyse a number of information technology implementation strategies and outline their impact on Nursing Informatics;', 'Discuss the role of data standards and case mix in health informatics;', 'Demonstrate an understanding of current trends in health care and how they influence the development, implementation and utilisation of information systems;', 'Analyse a number of Clinical Information Systems and determine their role in improving nursing care.'] BMA1012 This unit is the second of the two units designed to familiarise health science students with the anatomical structures and physiological functions of the systems of the human body that underpin the regulatory mechanisms for homeostatic control. Students will be introduced to the structure and function of the cardiovascular, circulatory and respiratory systems together with their vital role in maintaining homeostasis. The key features of the lymphatic system and the properties of blood will be discussed. The unit will continue with a look at the importance of the endocrine system and its role in integrating various functions to control homeostasis. Students will be introduced to the key anatomical and physiological features of the urinary and digestive systems and the importance of maintaining pH and fluid balance within the body. Finally, students will be introduced to the reproductive systems, pregnancy and development. Throughout the unit, clinical connections will be made with the systems addressed so that students will understand the relevance of the topics included in the unit to the health and human science disciplines. ['Explain the interdependence of the cardiovascular and respiratory systems and how they maintain homeostasis.', 'Discuss the components and functions of blood and the lymphatic system and how they maintain homeostasis.', 'Explain how the endocrine system integrates various body functions.', 'Outline the functions of the urinary system and explain how it contributes to maintaining pH, blood volume and the composition of body fluids.', 'Identify the structures of the digestive system and explain their role in digestion, absorption and metabolism.', 'Describe the structures of the male and female reproductive systems and explain how offspring are produced with respect to gametogenesis, fertilisation, embryonic and foetal development, maternal adaptations and patterns of inheritance.']CIV6301 This unit is designed to lay important foundations of traffic engineering knowledge. It is designed to develop students' understanding of contemporary topics in traffic flow theory and their applications. The course is also designed to provide a rigorous and practical coverage of the collection of traffic data. The traffic surveys component of the course will cover traditional techniques for counting, classification and origin-destination surveys and we will also consider the capabilities of new traffic data collection equipment. ['describe advanced contemporary traffic flow theories and apply to solve practical traffic problems', 'perform traffic data analysis methodologically', 'apply analytical technques in the design and operation of traffic systems', 'evaluate the role of Intelligent Transport Systems in Dynamic Traffic Management'] FIT1049 This unit provides a practical and theoretical introduction to what it means to be an IT professional today. Students will encounter a range of issues relevant to professional practice in the workplace, as well as an understanding of the wider responsibilities that professionals are called upon to uphold in society. Topics addressed include: organisational and professional communication; mindfulness; teamwork; the nature of the IT professions; the role of professional associations; problem solving and information use; cross-cultural awareness; personal and professional ethics and codes of practice. ['describe a variety of roles for IT professional and the personal, social, ethical and legal impacts arising from their work;', 'analyse and describe how the ACS Code of Professional Conduct applies to IT professionals in a variety of scenarios. In this context discuss what professional associations are available to IT professionals and why they are important;', 'effectively participate in a range of two way oral and written communication forms using appropriate intrapersonal and interpersonal communication skills and technologies;', 'use a variety of techniques to enhance working co-operatively and managing conflict as part of a team;', 'gather information, critically evaluate the material and use correct citation techniques when writing the material into an appropriate format.'] ATS1044 This unit develops fundamental music technical skills by studying technically-focused repertoire drawn from the literature of the student's principal instrument or voice. The choice of repertoire presented should prepare students to present music performance repertoire in ATS1045 Performance 2. ['identify fundamental conventions of instrumental/vocal technique;', 'perform technical work, demonstrating control of rhythm, articulation, timbre and intonation (if applicable);', 'prepare technical work, etudes and instrumental/vocal literature;', 'demonstrate musicianship through the phrasing, dynamic control and general expression in the relevant repertoire;', 'perform competently in a chosen/approved music ensemble;', 'demonstrate music listening skills through verbal critiques.'] PHH2111 This unit explores the options for treatment and management of established health conditions at the individual level. It provides an introduction to pharmacology and an overview of other interventions commonly employed to manage illness and improve health. A case study approach will be used which looks at treatment options for key diseases (e.g., cancer). ['Describe the processes by which drugs act on, and are handled by, the human body.', 'Explain the role of drugs in prevention and treatment of specific diseases.', 'Explain the role of other therapeutic (non-drug) interventions in prevention and treatment of specific diseases.', 'Describe how drugs and other treatments are developed, evaluated and regulated.', 'Discuss the social context of drug use and abuse.', 'Discuss the relationship between drug therapy and public health in local and global contexts.']ASP3051 Newtonian physics and Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity, the geometry of space-time, the Minkowski metric, Lorentz transformations, k-calculus, and four-vectors; the physics of space-time, momentum and energy; classical paradoxes; other metrics, Black Holes; observation of the Universe relevant to Cosmology; the expansion of the Universe, the Cosmic Background Radiation; the evolution of the Universe, propagation of light; primordial elements and recent observations. ['Describe the reasons for supplanting Newtonian physics with relativity theory;', 'Use special relativity to predict the behaviour of relativistic particles;', 'Discuss the relativistic paradoxes in an informed way;', 'Discuss the experimental and theoretical foundations of general relativity;', 'Discuss our current understanding of the beginnings, nature, and fate of the Universe;', 'Evaluate the current uncertainties in cosmology;', 'Analyse physical problems geometrically, thinking logically in a theory at odds with common experience;', 'Use mathematics to solve complex problems;', 'Interpret complex mathematical results and communicate them in written form.']